Plagiat détecté :
- Texte source : ﻿"No," snarled the master. "By the time you came back with them, if you got them, ten chances
to one I shouldn't want them. When I want things, I want them at once. Yes, I'd give five dollars
for some fresh water-cresses this very minute;" and he again seized his wig and flourished
it in the air.

With trembling fingers Cissy opened the gate, and walked in. The servant-man placed the camp-chair
on the ground. The old gentleman sat down in it, first hanging his hair on the back, leaving
his head as smooth and shining as an ivory ball, looked at the intruder with keen black eyes,
and asked, sharply, "Well, what do you want?"

"To give you these water-cresses," she said, with a smile, holding up her apron. "They were
gathered only a short time ago, and my apron's quite clean, sir."

"Bless me!" exclaimed the old gentleman, "what a wonderful coincidence! and"--taking a bunch
and beginning to eat them--"what fine water-cresses! And I suppose you expect that five dollars,
for of course you heard what I said."

"No, sir," said Cissy, shyly, "I never thought of the money. I know you only said that as people
often say things. I'm glad to give them to you, sir, because you wanted them so much."

The old gentleman burst into a loud laugh, put on his wig, and asked her name. And then by
degrees he got the whole story from her--the death of the father, the accident that lamed the
mother, the gift of the cresses from Frank Hillborn, and the five miles yet to go in search
of work. "And what was your mother's name before she was married?" was his last question.

"Prudence Kelly, sir."

"Prudence Kelly! I knew it!" he shouted, springing from his chair. And then, in a still louder
voice, he called, "Grace! Grace!" and a pretty young lady came running toward him. "I've found
your old nurse, my dear, your faithful old nurse that we have lost sight of for years. This
is her daughter. And she is in want. Take the carriage and go to her at once. What a blessing
that I got up in a scolding humor this morning, and wanted water-cresses! Go with Grace, Cecilia
my child, and when you get home, give this five-dollar bill to your friend Frank, and tell
him it isn't the first time a little act of kindness has brought luck."

Very soon after General Washington was elected President a war broke out between France and
England. It was natural that people in this country should wish to help the French, who had
helped us. But General Washington saw that if we once got in the way of taking a part in wars
between other countries, where our own rights were not in danger, we should always be at war.
He saw, too, that we were a small nation then, compared to the nations of Europe, and that
we might easily lose the freedom we had fought so long for. He dreaded to put our freedom in
danger unless compelled to. So he issued an order to the people, as he had a right to do, not
to take part with one nation or the other, but to mind their own business.

This was wise, because the British government was only too ready to pick a quarrel with us.
General Washington also went further. He made a treaty of peace and commerce with Great Britain,
which kept war from our shores for twenty years, and gave the country a chance to grow. The
people did not like this treaty much. There was a great deal of ill-feeling toward Great Britain,
growing out of the long fight we had had with her. But General Washington, who was ready to
fight for real rights, felt that it was wrong to get into a quarrel from mere angry feeling.
He was very anxious to keep the two countries at peace until their people could get calm, and
go to trading with each other, and learn to live together in friendship. Surely this was both
sensible and good. It was fortunate for the country that a man was at the head of its government
wise enough to see what was right, and firm enough to do it.

Just at the time Washington was elected President, the French people rose against their government,
which had many faults, and drove away many of their rulers, and cut off their King's head.
Among the leaders was Lafayette, who, however, was no party to the cruelties which were practiced.
The other kings of Europe undertook to restore the King of France to power, and in the war
which followed Lafayette was taken prisoner and closely confined. His wife wrote to Washington,
asking him to try and get Lafayette released. Washington gladly did all that he could, but
it was of no use. However, he sent money to Madame Lafayette, for her property had been taken
away, and he brought over to this country one of Lafayette's sons, and took him into his family,
and cared for him as if he were his own. The boy was named after Washington, and always remembered
the President's kindness with thankfulness.

When the first term of four years for which Washington was elected came to an end, he was chosen
again, without a single vote against him, though he was very anxious to go back to private life.

Finally, at the end of his second term, when he had been eight years President, he refused
to serve any longer. Just as he had written a farewell address to his soldiers, after being
eight years in command, he now wrote a farewell address to the American people. I hope all
my young readers will read it as soon as they are old enough to understand it. It is written
in a quaint and somewhat stiff style, for Washington always found it easier to act than to
talk or write; but it is full of wisdom. Even now, eighty-four years after it was written,
there is much in it which we ought to remember and try to carry out.

It was the spring of 1797 when Washington gave up the President's office, and returned to Mount
Vernon. He had visited his beloved home frequently during his Presidency, and had kept a very
careful watch over it in his absence. Again he took up with great delight the old round of
peaceful duties. Every day he was up before the sun. Every day he was in the saddle, riding
over his large farms, watching his laborers and his crops, planning changes and directing work.
In the evening he saw much company--many, indeed, who had little claim on him, who came from
idle curiosity, and wearied him with their presence. But he was always courteous. He enjoyed
the society of his family and friends very keenly. He had no children of his own, but he had
reared first the children, and afterward two of the grandchildren, of his wife in his home.
He took great pleasure with them, and was as merry as he was loving. He hoped to live the remainder
of his days in quiet in this circle.

[TO BE CONTINUED.]

LITTLE FATIMA.

BY SARA KEABLES HUNT.

It was a beautiful Oriental picture, and I paused in my walk along the banks of the Nile to
sketch her, that dark-eyed Arab girl, as she half reclined in the sand, the western sunlight
flickering through the green boughs of a clump of palms, and falling upon the upturned face
and purplish braids with their glitter of gold coins. In the background were a few broken columns,
relic of some past grandeur, and at a little distance a camel crouched in the sand, gazing
as mournfully as the Sphynx across the desert. The flowing Eastern dress of the child was pushed
back from one beautifully rounded arm, but the other was concealed, as if she had tried to
hide it from even the sunlight. It was crippled and pitifully deformed.

Poor little Fatima! I knew her sensitive spirit, and I put my pencil out of sight as I came
nearer, for I saw on her face the shadow of a restless discontent. She smiled as she bade me
welcome, but it was a sad smile, and changed to tears as she spoke.

"I am of no use," she said in Arabic. "If I were a boy, they would care for me; but a girl!
They scorn me and my disfigured arm. I can never do any good in the world; never, never. And,
oh, lady, there is a soul within me that longs to do something for somebody! I want to accomplish
something; not to sit here day after day making figures in the sand, only to see them drift
back again into a dull level. But I shall live in vain. What can I do with this poor crippled arm?"

It was a difficult task to soothe her; but I think, after awhile, she felt that the great Allah
had done all things well, and peace crept over her tired little heart.

"But, dear child," I said, as I left her, "it may be that you can do more good with your one
arm than I ever can with my two. We do not know what may happen."

And so I went home to my little cottage, taking the field path instead of the railroad track,
as I usually did. When I reached the house, and called for my little girl-baby, who often came
toddling out to meet me, all was silent, and in answer to my inquiries the nurse said she had
just gone down the track a little way to meet me.

"Down the track! Oh, the train! the train! It's time for the train! Why do you stand here idle?
Call Hassan and Mahomet. Run, and save her!"

I rushed wildly along the embankment. How plain it all is to me now, even to the bits of pottery
gleaming in the sand, and the distant echo of an Arab's song as it floated over the hills!
I saw the white dress of my darling far ahead, and stumbled on--how, I hardly knew. The train
was coming! I could hear it plunging on; I could see the fearful light. Oh, if I might reach her!

But who is that? Can it be Fatima? It is Fatima, waving her arms wildly as she speeds onward.
She is on the bank! She is there! She grasps the child! And the train plunges past me with
a wild glare; and there, before me, is my baby, my golden-haired baby, safe and unharmed, but
Fatima lay dying on the iron rail. I clasped her to my heart, and called her name amid my sobs.
She lifted the long, dark eyelashes, and smiled. "Allah be praised!" she murmured. Then in
her weak, broken English she said:

"Me do something wid dis poor arm; me die for you baby!" She fell back in my arms; and so we
carried her to my home, white and insensible.

But she did not die. The deformed arm had to be severed from the shoulder, but her life was
saved; and to-day, surrounded by all that grateful hearts can give, she is one of the happiest
little creatures on the banks of the Nile.

A ST. ULRIC DOLL.

BY THE AUTHOR OF "THE CATSKILL FAIRIES."

The steam-ship Columbine was crossing the ocean from Liverpool to New York. On the deck the
passengers walked about, looking at the sea and sky. Occasionally they saw a flock of gulls
circling about overhead, or a shoal of dolphins leaping up in the blue waves. Among these passengers
was the shy gentleman. Now the shy gentleman was tall and large, with a full brown beard, which
should have made him quite bold, but he was not. If a stranger spoke to him, he blushed, and
if he tried to say something really wise, he merely stammered, so that his meaning was lost.
As for tea-cups and wine-glasses, he always broke them with his elbow, or by allowing them
to slip through his big fingers, while chairs and little tables seemed placed in his way for
the sole purpose of his tumbling over them.

In his cabin was his portmanteau, filled with all sorts of treasures. A Paris doll and her
wardrobe were given the place of honor. The beautiful blonde hair of this fashionable lady
must not be disarranged, and the boxes containing her dresses and gloves, her boots, mantles,
and parasols, required much space. She was a very important person. In a corner was wedged
the case of one of those mechanical bears covered with black fur, and wound up by means of
a key in his side. In the opposite corner were the Venetian lion of St. Mark, made of brass,
trinkets of straw and glass, and a little Neapolitan boy in mosaic on the lid of a box. The
St. Ulric doll, folded in a bit of tissue-paper, had been allowed to fall down anywhere. She
was made of a single stick of wood, with a head carved on top, but without arms or legs, like
the Italian babies, who are wound about with cloths until they resemble little mummies.

She remained quietly where she had been placed, between a flannel waistcoat and a pair of stockings,
with her head resting on a meerschaum pipe. She thought of her home, and sighed. Yes, she was
homesick, because she loved her own land as only the Tyrolese and the Swiss love their native
mountains.

The shy gentleman had bought the St. Ulric doll at a booth under the stone archway of one of
the streets of Botzen. He could not carry away with him the beautiful Austrian Tyrol, except
as pictures in his own mind, and therefore he picked up the droll and ugly little St. Ulric doll.

"When I give the doll to Nelly, I will tell her about the mountain peaks where the hunters
climb to shoot the chamois and the black-cock, and the valleys down toward Italy where the
grapes ripen, and all about the castles perched like watch-towers along the Brenner route,"
thought the shy gentleman, wrapping the purchase in the bit of tissue-paper. "I must not forget
to add that this Brenner Pass, where the traveller of to-day journeys on the railway from Munich
to Verona, is one of the oldest highways in the world; the Etruscan merchants used to pass
here, trading in iron with the Northern nations, long before the Romans."

One day a tremendous rattling was heard inside the case of the mechanical bear.

"What is the matter? Are you seasick?" inquired the lion of St. Mark.

"No," grumbled the mechanical bear. "I have been standing on my head too long, and if this
voyage does not soon end, my machinery will be out of order. I shall growl at the wrong time."

"We must be gifts for children. I hope they will like us," said the St. Ulric doll.

"I hope we shall like them," said the French doll. "I come from a shop window on the Boulevard
des Italiens. How can I live out of Paris!"

Just then the lid of the portmanteau was lifted, and a Custom-house officer looked in. The
steamer had reached New York.

"Here he is, mamma!" cried a little girl, as a carriage paused before the door of a house on
Gramercy Square.

She had been looking out of the window. Now she ran down stairs, and opened the front door.
Two gentlemen got out of the carriage; one was her uncle Fred, and the other a traveller with
a brown beard, whose arms were full of mysterious parcels and boxes. This was the shy gentleman,
and Nelly had always found him a good friend. Soon the parcels were distributed. The mosaic
box was for mother, the brass lion for Uncle Fred, and all the rest for Nelly. She was wild
with delight. The Paris doll fascinated her. All her friends were invited to admire the lady
from the Boulevards. Nelly could not eat, or sleep, or study her lessons. She tried on all
the dresses, gloves, bonnets, and shoes.

The St. Ulric doll had been glanced at, laid on the table, and forgotten. At length Nelly wearied
of so much splendor, and her mother found the Paris doll too fine for every-day play. Nelly
noticed the St. Ulric doll then.

"You have no clothes, poor thing," she said.

She opened her own work-box, sought in a bag for a piece of blue flannel, and began to sew.
Soon the St. Ulric doll was clothed. To be sure, her gown was like a bag tied about her neck.

Nelly's mother, a pretty widow, said, "I did not know he loved me."

Nelly whispered to the St. Ulric doll that her mother was to marry the shy gentleman.

"I thought there was a good reason for bringing us across the sea," said the St. Ulric doll
to the mechanical bear and the Paris lady.

The latter was out of temper.

"Already the little girl loves you best, because she has made your gown herself," she said.

THE GRIZZLY BEAR.

The grizzly bear is the most terrible of all beasts. Its great strength, its enormous size,
its ferocity, and its courage render it a more formidable enemy than the lion. It ranges the
westward-lying slopes of the Rocky Mountains from Mexico to British America, and is a constant
terror to the regions it inhabits.

The average length of the grizzly bear is about seven feet, and its weight nine hundred to
a thousand pounds, although much larger specimens have been killed in Arizona and other Southern
regions.

Grizzlies do not often attack men unless surprised or infuriated, or driven by desperate hunger
to seize upon everything which crosses their path; but all animals, from a mouse to an enormous
buffalo, fall an easy prey to this monarch of the far West.

The immense daring of the grizzly bear, and its entire confidence in its strength, are evident
from the fact that it will not hesitate to attack buffaloes even when a whole herd are together.
It has been known to kill a buffalo with one blow of its terrible fore-paw, and afterward to
drag it away and bury it. It can easily dig a hole with its cimeter-like claws, and it usually
buries what it can not devour, as a store to fall back upon when provisions are scarce.

Hunters tell many stories of sharp contests between grizzlies and buffaloes. The bear will
prowl by the side of a herd, keeping under cover of the bushes until some big fat fellow comes
within easy reach, when it rushes on its victim, and with one blow fells it to the ground.
The other buffaloes may rush to the rescue of their comrade, but the powerful grizzly is generally
a match for them all, and instances are rare where the savage beast has been driven to crawl
away defeated.

The claws of this beast are longer than a man's finger, and are very much prized as ornaments
by the Indians. To wear a necklace of bear's claws, taken from an animal killed by himself,
is one of the highest ambitions of an Indian brave; for if he is thus decorated, his courage
and superior strength are acknowledged by his whole tribe. An Indian will sell his horses,
his blankets, everything he possesses, but nothing can induce him to part with his bear-claw
necklace, which marks him as an invincible warrior. To obtain this coveted prize Indians will
run the most extreme risks. Are the enormous foot-prints of a grizzly discovered in the vicinity
of the camp, the men all set out in hot pursuit, and many a poor Indian has lost his life in
fierce encounter with this monarch of the mountains. If the bear can be traced to its den among
the rocks, the Indians will lay trails of powder leading from the lair in different directions,
which, as they burn, set fire to the dry grass and stubble. As the animal, startled by the
smoke and flame, rushes from its hiding-place, the Indians, who lie concealed behind rocks
and bushes, pelt it with blazing pine knots, and fire volley after volley from their rifles
into its body, until some lucky shot enters the heart or brain, and the monster staggers and
falls dead to the ground.

This beast has a strong hold on life, and has often been known to run with great speed, and
even to swim deep rivers, with twenty or more large rifle-balls in its body. It is so difficult
to kill, and so furious when aroused, that a hunter will never attack the grizzly single-handed
if the encounter can be avoided. The hunter may escape by climbing a tree; for although young
grizzlies can climb like a cat, the old bears can do nothing more than stand on their hind-legs
in vain endeavors to reach the branches where the man lies concealed, and growl spitefully.
Their extreme heaviness, however, is thought by the Indians to be all that prevents them from
climbing.

A hunter once took refuge in a tree from one of these savage beasts, and having vainly discharged
all his ammunition at the monster, he endeavored to hit it in the eye with cones, thinking
to drive it away. But the grizzly only became more infuriated, and began a brisk war-dance
around the tree, howling all the while in a terrible manner. At length the branch upon which
the hunter was sitting began to give way, and the unfortunate man felt himself doomed to certain
death. Closing his eyes, he resigned himself to the worst, when, instead of falling, as he
expected, into the open jaws of the huge beast, he, together with the heavy branch upon which
he had been sitting, landed with a tremendous thump upon the grizzly's head. The animal was
so astonished and frightened at this sudden and unexpected assault, that it took to its heels,
and soon disappeared in the forest. Such miraculous escapes, however, are not frequent, and
the number of Indians and hunters killed by grizzlies is very large.

Young grizzlies have often been captured, and when very small are as playful and affectionate
as dogs. But they are not to be trusted, for as they grow older, their savage nature develops,
and they are liable to become dangerous property. Unless they can be surprised away from the
mother, their capture is attended by the utmost peril. Nothing can exceed the fury of the mother
bear if her little ones are molested. Rising on her hind-legs for a moment to survey the object
of her hatred, she will utter a hoarse "huff, huff, huff," and charge madly, and wary and courageous
must be the hunter who can overcome this savage monster.

Hunting the grizzly is usually accomplished by parties of men well mounted, and with bands
of trained dogs, but the huge beast will make a desperate fight for its life, and often severely
wounds numbers of its assailants before being forced itself to succumb.

]

MINIATURE YACHTS.

On the preceding page is an illustration of a miniature yacht regatta on the Lake in Prospect
Park, Brooklyn. In that beautiful Park there are few sights to be seen as beautiful as this.
The dainty yachts, perfect in every detail, look like graceful white-winged birds skimming
over the water, and the announcement of a regatta on the Lake often attracts more spectators
than similar announcements of "grown-up" regattas down the bay. Many of these spectators are
very critical, and attend these regattas in order to study fine points of sailing, and to learn
what models will show the greatest speed.

The little yachts are so carefully planned and built that they often serve as models for those
of many tons. Some of the finest yachts of the New York, Brooklyn, Atlantic, and Seawanhaka
Yacht Clubs are built from models furnished by winners of races and regattas on the lakes of
Central and Prospect Parks.

Two regularly organized and officered clubs, the New York and Brooklyn Miniature Yacht Clubs,
are the rivals of these lakes, and many exciting match races are sailed between the flyers
of the two clubs. These races and all the regattas are governed by the regular rules of yachting,
time allowances being made for differences of measurement, and the amount of canvas allowed
each boat, as well as the course to be sailed, being accurately defined.

Of the miniature yachts, schooners of the first class are generally about sixty inches long,
are heavily sparred--that is, they have very tall masts, long booms, and bow-sprit--and are
ballasted with very deep and heavy lead keels. They are either "built" or "cut"--that is, ribbed
and planked, or worked out from a single block of wood.

They carry rudders merely to make them look ship-shape, and are steered entirely by their sails.
These are so arranged as to balance fore and aft, and the jib and main sheets are made of elastic
rubber, so nicely adjusted that if the boat is inclined to sail too close to the wind, the
main-sheet stretches, the mainsail is eased off, and she resumes her proper course, with the
wind free. If she is inclined to "fall off" too much, and run before the wind, the jib-sheet
stretches, the wind spills out of the jib, and the pressure upon her aftersails quickly brings
her up on the wind again.

The fleet at Prospect Park this season numbers some fifty sail, from sixty-inch schooners down
to ten-inch cat-boats, and contains schooners, sloops, cat-boats, catamarans, and one square-rigged
steamer. An English cutter will probably be added to the fleet very soon, and interesting races
between her and the boats of American model are expected.

EASY BOTANY.

JUNE.

June has many beautiful flowering trees, and many rare and remarkable plants. Some of the anemones
bloom in April and May, but several wait for June. Among these the rare red anemone is found
on rocky banks in Western Vermont, in Northern New York, and Pennsylvania.

Among the pines and maples of Cape Ann, at Manchester, Massachusetts, we find the laurel-magnolia,
or sweet-bay, with silky leaves and buds, and deliciously fragrant cream-white flowers. This
charming shrub seems to belong to the South, but has strangely strayed away, and made for itself
a cozy home on the "stern and rock-bound coast" of New England. This magnolia also grows in
Pennsylvania and Southern New York.

Belonging to the same fair family is the tulip-tree, with large tulip-shaped flowers tinged
with yellow, orange, and green. These trees are found in rich soil in the Middle, Southern,
and Western States.

Another wonderful plant of June is the large water-lily the Nelumbo luteum, or water-chinquepin.
This plant apparently belongs to the East Indies, and seems to be nearly related to the pink
lotus, or sacred bean of India. The American species is rare, being found at but few places;
but Connecticut professes to possess it in the Connecticut River, near Lyme; and it is found
in the Delaware River, near Philadelphia, at Woodstown and Swedesborough, New Jersey, and in
several Western lakes. The leaves are circular, from one to two feet in diameter, and raised
high above the water; the fragrant flowers are pale yellow; the seeds, sunk deeply in a receptacle,
are as large as acorns.

Our own beautiful white pond-lily is well known and well beloved; and few New-Englanders are
unfamiliar with the serene ponds and still waters where the lily pods make a carpet on which
rest the lovely heads of these delicious favorites.

At Sandwich and Barnstable, Massachusetts, and Kennebunk, Maine, are found lilies of a fine
rose-color. The common cow-lily, as it is called, though not a beauty like its relatives, is
a pleasing variety, being of a rich yellow color.

Next we come to the wonderful pitcher-plants, whose chosen homes are in the black mud of peat-bogs
and swamps.

The one with which we are most familiar is favored not only with a botanical name of seven
syllables, but has the common names of side-saddle-flower, pitcher-plant, and hunter's-cup--all
referring more or less to the curious leaves, which are hollow, and shaped like little pitchers,
and are always found partly filled with water. The flower, nodding on a tall stalk, is as singular
as the leaves; it is of a deep reddish-purple color, the petals arching over a little green
umbrella in the centre, which covers the stamens. This striking and interesting plant may be
easily found by any enterprising young botanist who is not afraid of mud and water, as it grows
from Maine to Illinois and southward.

Another queer little dweller in bogs and swamps and wet meadows is the sundew, one species
of which may be found in June, and others later. The leaves of this peculiar plant are covered
with fine reddish-brown hairs, or glands, which furnish small drops of fluid, glittering like
dew-drops.


- Texte Similaire : [{'text': '\ufeff"No," snarled the master. "By the time you came back with them, if you got them, ten chances\nto one I shouldn\'t want them. When I want things, I want them at once. Yes, I\'d give five dollars\nfor some fresh water-cresses this very minute;" and he again seized his wig and flourished\nit in the air.\n\nWith trembling fingers Cissy opened the gate, and walked in. The servant-man placed the camp-chair\non the ground. The old gentleman sat down in it, first hanging his hair on the back, leaving\nhis head as smooth and shining as an ivory ball, looked at the intruder with keen black eyes,\nand asked, sharply, "Well, what do you want?"\n\n"To give you these water-cresses," she said, with a smile, holding up her apron. "They were\ngathered only a short time ago, and my apron\'s quite clean, sir."\n\n"Bless me!" exclaimed the old gentleman, "what a wonderful coincidence! and"--taking a bunch\nand beginning to eat them--"what fine water-cresses! And I suppose you expect that five dollars,\nfor of course you heard what I said."\n\n"No, sir," said Cissy, shyly, "I never thought of the money. I know you only said that as people\noften say things. I\'m glad to give them to you, sir, because you wanted them so much."\n\nThe old gentleman burst into a loud laugh, put on his wig, and asked her name. And then by\ndegrees he got the whole story from her--the death of the father, the accident that lamed the\nmother, the gift of the cresses from Frank Hillborn, and the five miles yet to go in search\nof work. "And what was your mother\'s name before she was married?" was his last question.\n\n"Prudence Kelly, sir."\n\n"Prudence Kelly! I knew it!" he shouted, springing from his chair. And then, in a still louder\nvoice, he called, "Grace! Grace!" and a pretty young lady came running toward him. "I\'ve found\nyour old nurse, my dear, your faithful old nurse that we have lost sight of for years. This\nis her daughter. And she is in want. Take the carriage and go to her at once. What a blessing\nthat I got up in a scolding humor this morning, and wanted water-cresses! Go with Grace, Cecilia\nmy child, and when you get home, give this five-dollar bill to your friend Frank, and tell\nhim it isn\'t the first time a little act of kindness has brought luck."\n\nVery soon after General Washington was elected President a war broke out between France and\nEngland. It was natural that people in this country should wish to help the French, who had\nhelped us. But General Washington saw that if we once got in the way of taking a part in wars\nbetween other countries, where our own rights were not in danger, we should always be at war.\nHe saw, too, that we were a small nation then, compared to the nations of Europe, and that\nwe might easily lose the freedom we had fought so long for. He dreaded to put our freedom in\ndanger unless compelled to. So he issued an order to the people, as he had a right to do, not\nto take part with one nation or the other, but to mind their own business.\n\nThis was wise, because the British government was only too ready to pick a quarrel with us.\nGeneral Washington also went further. He made a treaty of peace and commerce with Great Britain,\nwhich kept war from our shores for twenty years, and gave the country a chance to grow. The\npeople did not like this treaty much. There was a great deal of ill-feeling toward Great Britain,\ngrowing out of the long fight we had had with her. But General Washington, who was ready to\nfight for real rights, felt that it was wrong to get into a quarrel from mere angry feeling.\nHe was very anxious to keep the two countries at peace until their people could get calm, and\ngo to trading with each other, and learn to live together in friendship. Surely this was both\nsensible and good. It was fortunate for the country that a man was at the head of its government\nwise enough to see what was right, and firm enough to do it.\n\nJust at the time Washington was elected President, the French people rose against their government,\nwhich had many faults, and drove away many of their rulers, and cut off their King\'s head.\nAmong the leaders was Lafayette, who, however, was no party to the cruelties which were practiced.\nThe other kings of Europe undertook to restore the King of France to power, and in the war\nwhich followed Lafayette was taken prisoner and closely confined. His wife wrote to Washington,\nasking him to try and get Lafayette released. Washington gladly did all that he could, but\nit was of no use. However, he sent money to Madame Lafayette, for her property had been taken\naway, and he brought over to this country one of Lafayette\'s sons, and took him into his family,\nand cared for him as if he were his own. The boy was named after Washington, and always remembered\nthe President\'s kindness with thankfulness.\n\nWhen the first term of four years for which Washington was elected came to an end, he was chosen\nagain, without a single vote against him, though he was very anxious to go back to private life.\n\nFinally, at the end of his second term, when he had been eight years President, he refused\nto serve any longer. Just as he had written a farewell address to his soldiers, after being\neight years in command, he now wrote a farewell address to the American people. I hope all\nmy young readers will read it as soon as they are old enough to understand it. It is written\nin a quaint and somewhat stiff style, for Washington always found it easier to act than to\ntalk or write; but it is full of wisdom. Even now, eighty-four years after it was written,\nthere is much in it which we ought to remember and try to carry out.\n\nIt was the spring of 1797 when Washington gave up the President\'s office, and returned to Mount\nVernon. He had visited his beloved home frequently during his Presidency, and had kept a very\ncareful watch over it in his absence. Again he took up with great delight the old round of\npeaceful duties. Every day he was up before the sun. Every day he was in the saddle, riding\nover his large farms, watching his laborers and his crops, planning changes and directing work.\nIn the evening he saw much company--many, indeed, who had little claim on him, who came from\nidle curiosity, and wearied him with their presence. But he was always courteous. He enjoyed\nthe society of his family and friends very keenly. He had no children of his own, but he had\nreared first the children, and afterward two of the grandchildren, of his wife in his home.\nHe took great pleasure with them, and was as merry as he was loving. He hoped to live the remainder\nof his days in quiet in this circle.\n\n[TO BE CONTINUED.]\n\nLITTLE FATIMA.\n\nBY SARA KEABLES HUNT.\n\nIt was a beautiful Oriental picture, and I paused in my walk along the banks of the Nile to\nsketch her, that dark-eyed Arab girl, as she half reclined in the sand, the western sunlight\nflickering through the green boughs of a clump of palms, and falling upon the upturned face\nand purplish braids with their glitter of gold coins. In the background were a few broken columns,\nrelic of some past grandeur, and at a little distance a camel crouched in the sand, gazing\nas mournfully as the Sphynx across the desert. The flowing Eastern dress of the child was pushed\nback from one beautifully rounded arm, but the other was concealed, as if she had tried to\nhide it from even the sunlight. It was crippled and pitifully deformed.\n\nPoor little Fatima! I knew her sensitive spirit, and I put my pencil out of sight as I came\nnearer, for I saw on her face the shadow of a restless discontent. She smiled as she bade me\nwelcome, but it was a sad smile, and changed to tears as she spoke.\n\n"I am of no use," she said in Arabic. "If I were a boy, they would care for me; but a girl!\nThey scorn me and my disfigured arm. I can never do any good in the world; never, never. And,\noh, lady, there is a soul within me that longs to do something for somebody! I want to accomplish\nsomething; not to sit here day after day making figures in the sand, only to see them drift\nback again into a dull level. But I shall live in vain. What can I do with this poor crippled arm?"\n\nIt was a difficult task to soothe her; but I think, after awhile, she felt that the great Allah\nhad done all things well, and peace crept over her tired little heart.\n\n"But, dear child," I said, as I left her, "it may be that you can do more good with your one\narm than I ever can with my two. We do not know what may happen."\n\nAnd so I went home to my little cottage, taking the field path instead of the railroad track,\nas I usually did. When I reached the house, and called for my little girl-baby, who often came\ntoddling out to meet me, all was silent, and in answer to my inquiries the nurse said she had\njust gone down the track a little way to meet me.\n\n"Down the track! Oh, the train! the train! It\'s time for the train! Why do you stand here idle?\nCall Hassan and Mahomet. Run, and save her!"\n\nI rushed wildly along the embankment. How plain it all is to me now, even to the bits of pottery\ngleaming in the sand, and the distant echo of an Arab\'s song as it floated over the hills!\nI saw the white dress of my darling far ahead, and stumbled on--how, I hardly knew. The train\nwas coming! I could hear it plunging on; I could see the fearful light. Oh, if I might reach her!\n\nBut who is that? Can it be Fatima? It is Fatima, waving her arms wildly as she speeds onward.\nShe is on the bank! She is there! She grasps the child! And the train plunges past me with\na wild glare; and there, before me, is my baby, my golden-haired baby, safe and unharmed, but\nFatima lay dying on the iron rail. I clasped her to my heart, and called her name amid my sobs.\nShe lifted the long, dark eyelashes, and smiled. "Allah be praised!" she murmured. Then in\nher weak, broken English she said:\n\n"Me do something wid dis poor arm; me die for you baby!" She fell back in my arms; and so we\ncarried her to my home, white and insensible.\n\nBut she did not die. The deformed arm had to be severed from the shoulder, but her life was\nsaved; and to-day, surrounded by all that grateful hearts can give, she is one of the happiest\nlittle creatures on the banks of the Nile.\n\nA ST. ULRIC DOLL.\n\nBY THE AUTHOR OF "THE CATSKILL FAIRIES."\n\nThe steam-ship Columbine was crossing the ocean from Liverpool to New York. On the deck the\npassengers walked about, looking at the sea and sky. Occasionally they saw a flock of gulls\ncircling about overhead, or a shoal of dolphins leaping up in the blue waves. Among these passengers\nwas the shy gentleman. Now the shy gentleman was tall and large, with a full brown beard, which\nshould have made him quite bold, but he was not. If a stranger spoke to him, he blushed, and\nif he tried to say something really wise, he merely stammered, so that his meaning was lost.\nAs for tea-cups and wine-glasses, he always broke them with his elbow, or by allowing them\nto slip through his big fingers, while chairs and little tables seemed placed in his way for\nthe sole purpose of his tumbling over them.\n\nIn his cabin was his portmanteau, filled with all sorts of treasures. A Paris doll and her\nwardrobe were given the place of honor. The beautiful blonde hair of this fashionable lady\nmust not be disarranged, and the boxes containing her dresses and gloves, her boots, mantles,\nand parasols, required much space. She was a very important person. In a corner was wedged\nthe case of one of those mechanical bears covered with black fur, and wound up by means of\na key in his side. In the opposite corner were the Venetian lion of St. Mark, made of brass,\ntrinkets of straw and glass, and a little Neapolitan boy in mosaic on the lid of a box. The\nSt. Ulric doll, folded in a bit of tissue-paper, had been allowed to fall down anywhere. She\nwas made of a single stick of wood, with a head carved on top, but without arms or legs, like\nthe Italian babies, who are wound about with cloths until they resemble little mummies.\n\nShe remained quietly where she had been placed, between a flannel waistcoat and a pair of stockings,\nwith her head resting on a meerschaum pipe. She thought of her home, and sighed. Yes, she was\nhomesick, because she loved her own land as only the Tyrolese and the Swiss love their native\nmountains.\n\nThe shy gentleman had bought the St. Ulric doll at a booth under the stone archway of one of\nthe streets of Botzen. He could not carry away with him the beautiful Austrian Tyrol, except\nas pictures in his own mind, and therefore he picked up the droll and ugly little St. Ulric doll.\n\n"When I give the doll to Nelly, I will tell her about the mountain peaks where the hunters\nclimb to shoot the chamois and the black-cock, and the valleys down toward Italy where the\ngrapes ripen, and all about the castles perched like watch-towers along the Brenner route,"\nthought the shy gentleman, wrapping the purchase in the bit of tissue-paper. "I must not forget\nto add that this Brenner Pass, where the traveller of to-day journeys on the railway from Munich\nto Verona, is one of the oldest highways in the world; the Etruscan merchants used to pass\nhere, trading in iron with the Northern nations, long before the Romans."\n\nOne day a tremendous rattling was heard inside the case of the mechanical bear.\n\n"What is the matter? Are you seasick?" inquired the lion of St. Mark.\n\n"No," grumbled the mechanical bear. "I have been standing on my head too long, and if this\nvoyage does not soon end, my machinery will be out of order. I shall growl at the wrong time."\n\n"We must be gifts for children. I hope they will like us," said the St. Ulric doll.\n\n"I hope we shall like them," said the French doll. "I come from a shop window on the Boulevard\ndes Italiens. How can I live out of Paris!"\n\nJust then the lid of the portmanteau was lifted, and a Custom-house officer looked in. The\nsteamer had reached New York.\n\n"Here he is, mamma!" cried a little girl, as a carriage paused before the door of a house on\nGramercy Square.\n\nShe had been looking out of the window. Now she ran down stairs, and opened the front door.\nTwo gentlemen got out of the carriage; one was her uncle Fred, and the other a traveller with\na brown beard, whose arms were full of mysterious parcels and boxes. This was the shy gentleman,\nand Nelly had always found him a good friend. Soon the parcels were distributed. The mosaic\nbox was for mother, the brass lion for Uncle Fred, and all the rest for Nelly. She was wild\nwith delight. The Paris doll fascinated her. All her friends were invited to admire the lady\nfrom the Boulevards. Nelly could not eat, or sleep, or study her lessons. She tried on all\nthe dresses, gloves, bonnets, and shoes.\n\nThe St. Ulric doll had been glanced at, laid on the table, and forgotten. At length Nelly wearied\nof so much splendor, and her mother found the Paris doll too fine for every-day play. Nelly\nnoticed the St. Ulric doll then.\n\n"You have no clothes, poor thing," she said.\n\nShe opened her own work-box, sought in a bag for a piece of blue flannel, and began to sew.\nSoon the St. Ulric doll was clothed. To be sure, her gown was like a bag tied about her neck.\n\nNelly\'s mother, a pretty widow, said, "I did not know he loved me."\n\nNelly whispered to the St. Ulric doll that her mother was to marry the shy gentleman.\n\n"I thought there was a good reason for bringing us across the sea," said the St. Ulric doll\nto the mechanical bear and the Paris lady.\n\nThe latter was out of temper.\n\n"Already the little girl loves you best, because she has made your gown herself," she said.\n\nTHE GRIZZLY BEAR.\n\nThe grizzly bear is the most terrible of all beasts. Its great strength, its enormous size,\nits ferocity, and its courage render it a more formidable enemy than the lion. It ranges the\nwestward-lying slopes of the Rocky Mountains from Mexico to British America, and is a constant\nterror to the regions it inhabits.\n\nThe average length of the grizzly bear is about seven feet, and its weight nine hundred to\na thousand pounds, although much larger specimens have been killed in Arizona and other Southern\nregions.\n\nGrizzlies do not often attack men unless surprised or infuriated, or driven by desperate hunger\nto seize upon everything which crosses their path; but all animals, from a mouse to an enormous\nbuffalo, fall an easy prey to this monarch of the far West.\n\nThe immense daring of the grizzly bear, and its entire confidence in its strength, are evident\nfrom the fact that it will not hesitate to attack buffaloes even when a whole herd are together.\nIt has been known to kill a buffalo with one blow of its terrible fore-paw, and afterward to\ndrag it away and bury it. It can easily dig a hole with its cimeter-like claws, and it usually\nburies what it can not devour, as a store to fall back upon when provisions are scarce.\n\nHunters tell many stories of sharp contests between grizzlies and buffaloes. The bear will\nprowl by the side of a herd, keeping under cover of the bushes until some big fat fellow comes\nwithin easy reach, when it rushes on its victim, and with one blow fells it to the ground.\nThe other buffaloes may rush to the rescue of their comrade, but the powerful grizzly is generally\na match for them all, and instances are rare where the savage beast has been driven to crawl\naway defeated.\n\nThe claws of this beast are longer than a man\'s finger, and are very much prized as ornaments\nby the Indians. To wear a necklace of bear\'s claws, taken from an animal killed by himself,\nis one of the highest ambitions of an Indian brave; for if he is thus decorated, his courage\nand superior strength are acknowledged by his whole tribe. An Indian will sell his horses,\nhis blankets, everything he possesses, but nothing can induce him to part with his bear-claw\nnecklace, which marks him as an invincible warrior. To obtain this coveted prize Indians will\nrun the most extreme risks. Are the enormous foot-prints of a grizzly discovered in the vicinity\nof the camp, the men all set out in hot pursuit, and many a poor Indian has lost his life in\nfierce encounter with this monarch of the mountains. If the bear can be traced to its den among\nthe rocks, the Indians will lay trails of powder leading from the lair in different directions,\nwhich, as they burn, set fire to the dry grass and stubble. As the animal, startled by the\nsmoke and flame, rushes from its hiding-place, the Indians, who lie concealed behind rocks\nand bushes, pelt it with blazing pine knots, and fire volley after volley from their rifles\ninto its body, until some lucky shot enters the heart or brain, and the monster staggers and\nfalls dead to the ground.\n\nThis beast has a strong hold on life, and has often been known to run with great speed, and\neven to swim deep rivers, with twenty or more large rifle-balls in its body. It is so difficult\nto kill, and so furious when aroused, that a hunter will never attack the grizzly single-handed\nif the encounter can be avoided. The hunter may escape by climbing a tree; for although young\ngrizzlies can climb like a cat, the old bears can do nothing more than stand on their hind-legs\nin vain endeavors to reach the branches where the man lies concealed, and growl spitefully.\nTheir extreme heaviness, however, is thought by the Indians to be all that prevents them from\nclimbing.\n\nA hunter once took refuge in a tree from one of these savage beasts, and having vainly discharged\nall his ammunition at the monster, he endeavored to hit it in the eye with cones, thinking\nto drive it away. But the grizzly only became more infuriated, and began a brisk war-dance\naround the tree, howling all the while in a terrible manner. At length the branch upon which\nthe hunter was sitting began to give way, and the unfortunate man felt himself doomed to certain\ndeath. Closing his eyes, he resigned himself to the worst, when, instead of falling, as he\nexpected, into the open jaws of the huge beast, he, together with the heavy branch upon which\nhe had been sitting, landed with a tremendous thump upon the grizzly\'s head. The animal was\nso astonished and frightened at this sudden and unexpected assault, that it took to its heels,\nand soon disappeared in the forest. Such miraculous escapes, however, are not frequent, and\nthe number of Indians and hunters killed by grizzlies is very large.\n\nYoung grizzlies have often been captured, and when very small are as playful and affectionate\nas dogs. But they are not to be trusted, for as they grow older, their savage nature develops,\nand they are liable to become dangerous property. Unless they can be surprised away from the\nmother, their capture is attended by the utmost peril. Nothing can exceed the fury of the mother\nbear if her little ones are molested. Rising on her hind-legs for a moment to survey the object\nof her hatred, she will utter a hoarse "huff, huff, huff," and charge madly, and wary and courageous\nmust be the hunter who can overcome this savage monster.\n\nHunting the grizzly is usually accomplished by parties of men well mounted, and with bands\nof trained dogs, but the huge beast will make a desperate fight for its life, and often severely\nwounds numbers of its assailants before being forced itself to succumb.\n\n]\n\nMINIATURE YACHTS.\n\nOn the preceding page is an illustration of a miniature yacht regatta on the Lake in Prospect\nPark, Brooklyn. In that beautiful Park there are few sights to be seen as beautiful as this.\nThe dainty yachts, perfect in every detail, look like graceful white-winged birds skimming\nover the water, and the announcement of a regatta on the Lake often attracts more spectators\nthan similar announcements of "grown-up" regattas down the bay. Many of these spectators are\nvery critical, and attend these regattas in order to study fine points of sailing, and to learn\nwhat models will show the greatest speed.\n\nThe little yachts are so carefully planned and built that they often serve as models for those\nof many tons. Some of the finest yachts of the New York, Brooklyn, Atlantic, and Seawanhaka\nYacht Clubs are built from models furnished by winners of races and regattas on the lakes of\nCentral and Prospect Parks.\n\nTwo regularly organized and officered clubs, the New York and Brooklyn Miniature Yacht Clubs,\nare the rivals of these lakes, and many exciting match races are sailed between the flyers\nof the two clubs. These races and all the regattas are governed by the regular rules of yachting,\ntime allowances being made for differences of measurement, and the amount of canvas allowed\neach boat, as well as the course to be sailed, being accurately defined.\n\nOf the miniature yachts, schooners of the first class are generally about sixty inches long,\nare heavily sparred--that is, they have very tall masts, long booms, and bow-sprit--and are\nballasted with very deep and heavy lead keels. They are either "built" or "cut"--that is, ribbed\nand planked, or worked out from a single block of wood.\n\nThey carry rudders merely to make them look ship-shape, and are steered entirely by their sails.\nThese are so arranged as to balance fore and aft, and the jib and main sheets are made of elastic\nrubber, so nicely adjusted that if the boat is inclined to sail too close to the wind, the\nmain-sheet stretches, the mainsail is eased off, and she resumes her proper course, with the\nwind free. If she is inclined to "fall off" too much, and run before the wind, the jib-sheet\nstretches, the wind spills out of the jib, and the pressure upon her aftersails quickly brings\nher up on the wind again.\n\nThe fleet at Prospect Park this season numbers some fifty sail, from sixty-inch schooners down\nto ten-inch cat-boats, and contains schooners, sloops, cat-boats, catamarans, and one square-rigged\nsteamer. An English cutter will probably be added to the fleet very soon, and interesting races\nbetween her and the boats of American model are expected.\n\nEASY BOTANY.\n\nJUNE.\n\nJune has many beautiful flowering trees, and many rare and remarkable plants. Some of the anemones\nbloom in April and May, but several wait for June. Among these the rare red anemone is found\non rocky banks in Western Vermont, in Northern New York, and Pennsylvania.\n\nAmong the pines and maples of Cape Ann, at Manchester, Massachusetts, we find the laurel-magnolia,\nor sweet-bay, with silky leaves and buds, and deliciously fragrant cream-white flowers. This\ncharming shrub seems to belong to the South, but has strangely strayed away, and made for itself\na cozy home on the "stern and rock-bound coast" of New England. This magnolia also grows in\nPennsylvania and Southern New York.\n\nBelonging to the same fair family is the tulip-tree, with large tulip-shaped flowers tinged\nwith yellow, orange, and green. These trees are found in rich soil in the Middle, Southern,\nand Western States.\n\nAnother wonderful plant of June is the large water-lily the Nelumbo luteum, or water-chinquepin.\nThis plant apparently belongs to the East Indies, and seems to be nearly related to the pink\nlotus, or sacred bean of India. The American species is rare, being found at but few places;\nbut Connecticut professes to possess it in the Connecticut River, near Lyme; and it is found\nin the Delaware River, near Philadelphia, at Woodstown and Swedesborough, New Jersey, and in\nseveral Western lakes. The leaves are circular, from one to two feet in diameter, and raised\nhigh above the water; the fragrant flowers are pale yellow; the seeds, sunk deeply in a receptacle,\nare as large as acorns.\n\nOur own beautiful white pond-lily is well known and well beloved; and few New-Englanders are\nunfamiliar with the serene ponds and still waters where the lily pods make a carpet on which\nrest the lovely heads of these delicious favorites.\n\nAt Sandwich and Barnstable, Massachusetts, and Kennebunk, Maine, are found lilies of a fine\nrose-color. The common cow-lily, as it is called, though not a beauty like its relatives, is\na pleasing variety, being of a rich yellow color.\n\nNext we come to the wonderful pitcher-plants, whose chosen homes are in the black mud of peat-bogs\nand swamps.\n\nThe one with which we are most familiar is favored not only with a botanical name of seven\nsyllables, but has the common names of side-saddle-flower, pitcher-plant, and hunter\'s-cup--all\nreferring more or less to the curious leaves, which are hollow, and shaped like little pitchers,\nand are always found partly filled with water. The flower, nodding on a tall stalk, is as singular\nas the leaves; it is of a deep reddish-purple color, the petals arching over a little green\numbrella in the centre, which covers the stamens. This striking and interesting plant may be\neasily found by any enterprising young botanist who is not afraid of mud and water, as it grows\nfrom Maine to Illinois and southward.\n\nAnother queer little dweller in bogs and swamps and wet meadows is the sundew, one species\nof which may be found in June, and others later. The leaves of this peculiar plant are covered\nwith fine reddish-brown hairs, or glands, which furnish small drops of fluid, glittering like\ndew-drops.\n\n', 'similarity': 0.9074704051017761}]
- Similarité : 0.91

Plagiat détecté :
- Texte source : ﻿"Don't be so flippant."

"And don't you be so cryptic. What's Mrs. Rowley's cheerfulness done to you?"

"I'll tell you how it happened," she said. "We met; 'twas at a tea, and first of all we talked
about committees."

"Committees!" I said. "How glorious! Are there many?"

"Yes," she said. "There's the old Relief Committee, and the Belgian Committee, and the Soldiers'
Comforts' Committee, and the Hospital Visitors' Committee, and the Children's Meals' Committee,
and the Entertainments' Committee and the----"

"Enough," I said. "I will take the rest for granted. But isn't there a danger that with all
these committees----?"

"I know," she said; "you're going to say something about overlapping."

"Your insight," I said, "is wonderful. How did you know?"

"I've noticed," she said, "that when men form committees they always declare that there sha'n't
be any overlapping, and then, according to their own account, they get to work and all overlap
like mad. Now we women don't worry about overlapping. Most of us don't know what it means--I
don't myself--but we appoint presidents and treasurers and secretaries, and then we go ahead
and do things. If we were only left to ourselves we should never call a meeting of any committee
after we'd once started it. It's the men who insist on committees meeting."

"Yes, and on keeping them from breaking their rules."

"What's the use of having committees if you can't break their silly old rules?"

"Amiable anarchist," I said, "let us abandon committees and return to Mrs. Rowley."

"Well," she said, "we soon got on to the War."

"You might easily do that," I said. "The subject has its importance. What does Mrs. Rowley
think of it?"

"Mrs. Rowley thinks it's all perfectly splendid. She hasn't the least doubt about anything.
She knows the uncle of a man whose cousin is in the War Office and often sees Lord KITCHENER
in the corridors, and he's quite certain----"

"Who? Lord KITCHENER?"

"No, the uncle of the man whose cousin--he's quite certain the War will be over in our favour
before next June, because there'll be a revolution in Potsdam and thousands of Germans are
being killed in bread-riots every day, and lots of stuff of that sort."

"I understand," I said. "You began to react against it."

"Something of that kind. She was so terribly serene and so dreadfully over-confident that I
got contradictious and had to argue with her--simply couldn't restrain myself--and then she
said she was sorry I was such a pessimist, and I said I wasn't, and here I am."

"Yes," I said, "you are, and in a state of Cimmerian gloom, naturally enough. But you've come
to the right place--no, by Jove, now that I think of it you've come to the wrong place, the
very wrongest place in the world."

"How's that?"

"Because I met old Captain Burstall out walking, and he was miserable about everything. According
to him we haven't got a dog's chance anywhere. The Government's rotten, the Army's rotten,
the Navy's worse and the British Empire's going to be smashed up before Easter."

"Captain Burstall's the man for my money. If I'd only met him I should have been as cheerful
as a lark."

"And that," I said, "is exactly what I am, entirely owing to a natural spirit of contradiction.
I just pulled myself together and countered him on every point."

"I daresay you did it very well," she said; "but if you're as cock-a-hoop as you make out I
don't see how I'm ever to get rid of my depression. I shall be starting to contradict you next."

"Which," I said, "will be an entirely novel experience for both of us. But I'll tell you a
better way; let's keep silent for ten minutes and simmer back to our usual condition of reasonable
hopefulness."

"I can't promise silence," she said, "but I'll back myself against the world as a simmerer."

R. C. L.

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

SHAKSPEARE to the Slackers:--

    "Dishonour not your mothers; now attest." Henry V., Act III.,
    Scene I.

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

ANOTHER AIR SCANDAL.

If ever I write a Hymn of Hate, or, at any rate, of resentment, it will not be about the Germans,
but about a certain type of Englishman whom I encounter far too often and shall never understand.
The Germans are now beyond any hymning, however fervent; they are, it is reassuring to think,
a class by themselves. But my man should be hymned, not because it will do him any good, but
because it relieves my feelings.

It is really rather a curious case, for he might be quite a nice fellow and, I have little
doubt, often is; but he boasts and flaunts an inhuman insensibility that excites one's worst
passions.

What would you say was the quality or characteristic most to be desired in every member of
our social common-wealth? Obviously there is only one reply to this question: that he should
be decently susceptible to draughts. If society is to go on, either we must all be so pachydermatous
as to be able to disregard draughts, or we must feel them and act accordingly. There should
not be here and there a strange Ishmaelite creature whose delight it is to be played upon by
boreal blasts. But there is. I meet him in the train, and the other day I hymned him.

O thou (my hymn of dislike, of annoyance, of remonstrance began):--

  O thou, the foe of comfort, heat,
  O thou who hast the corner seat,
  Facing the engine, as we say
  (Although it is so far away,
    And in between
    So many coaches intervene,
  The phrase partakes of foolishness);--
  O thou who sittest there no less,
  Keeping the window down
  Though all the carriage frown,
    Why dost thou so rejoice in air?
  Not air that nourishes and braces,
  Such as one finds in watering-places,
    But air to chill a polar bear--
  Malignant air at sixty miles an hour
    That rakes the carriage fore and aft,
  Wherein we cower;
    Not air at all, but sheer revengeful draught!
  How canst thou like it? Say! How canst thou do it?

  Thou even read'st a paper through it!

  Know'st thou no pain?
    Sciatica or rheumatism
    Leading to balm or sinapism?
  Doth influenza pass thee by?
  Hast never cold or bloodshot eye
  Like ordinary Christian folk
    Who sit in draughts against their will
    And pray they'll not be ill?
  Even in tunnels (this is past a joke)
  Thou car'st no rap
  Nor, as a decent man would, pull'st the strap,
  But lett'st the carriage fill with smoke
  Till all but thou must choke.

  Why art thou anti-social thus,
  Why dost thou differ so from us?
  Thou pig! thou hippopotamus!

I don't pretend to be satisfied with these lines. They are not strong, not complete. Mr. JOYNSON-HICKS
would have done it more fittingly. Still they might do a little good somewhere, and every little
helps.

       *       *       *       *       *

OVERTIME.

    "The evidence was that defendants employed six young persons for
    more than seven days a week."--Provincial Paper.

       *       *       *       *       *

    "The organist played as opening voluntaries the 'Bridal March'
    from 'Lohengrin,' Barnaby's 'Bridal March' from 'Lohengrin,' and
    Barnaby's 'Bridal March.'"

    Provincial Paper.

It was evidently BARNABY's. Still, we think WAGNER might have been mentioned as his collaborator.

       *       *       *       *       *

    "In the current number of the Commonwealth Canon Scott Holland
    in his own inimical manner endorses all that Mr. Carey has been
    writing in our columns recently."

    Clerical Paper.

The Canon appears to be one of those jolly people who slap you on the back as if they would
knock you down.

       *       *       *       *       *

AT THE FRONT.

Of recent days we have almost stopped pretending to be soldiers and owned up to being civilian
labourers lodged in the War zone. This is felt so acutely that several leading privates have
quite discarded that absolute attribute of the infantryman, the rifle. They return from working
parties completely unarmed, discover the fact with a mild and but half-regretful astonishment
and report the circumstance to section-commanders as if they had lost one round of small arms
ammunition or the last cube from an iron ration.

The hobby of the civilian labourer is obstacle-racing. To do this you require a dark night,
the assistance of some Royal Engineers, an appointment just behind the front line with some
supervisor of labour whom you don't know and don't specially want to, and a four-mile stretch
across country to the rendezvous.

You start out at nightfall and do good time over the first hundred yards. The field consists
of forty to eighty labourers, and one of the idle rich (formerly styled officers). At the hundred
yards' mark the Royal Engineers begin to come in. Obstacle 1 is a model trench, built for instructional
purposes and now being turned to obstructional account. There's one place where you can get
on to the parades without swimming, and if we started by daylight we might strike it. We do
not start by daylight.

Beyond the trench is a wire entanglement, also a fine specimen of early 1915 R.E. work. We
may note in passing the trip wire eight yards beyond. We're getting pretty good with it now,
but in our early days the R.E. used to get a lot of marks for it.

You go on towards a couple of moated hedges, whimsically barbed in odd spots, and emerge into
a park or open space leading into an unhealthy-looking road. It seems all plain sailing to
the road--unless you know the R.E., in which case you will not be surprised to find your neck
nearly bisected by a horizontal wire designed to encourage telephonic communication.

Eventually you all reach an area known for some obscure reason--if for any at all--as "The
Brigade." Here the R.E. have a new game waiting for you. We call it "Hunt the Shovels." You
have been instructed to draw shovels from the Brigade. The term covers a space of some thousand
square metres intersected with hedges, bridges, rivers, dugouts, horseponds (natural and adventitious),
any square metre of which may contain your shovels.

If you are not behind time so far this is where you drop a quarter of an hour. Of course you
may just get fed up and go home. But in that case you aren't allowed to play again, and as
a matter of fact the game is rather de rigueur out here. So you hide your party behind a sign-post,
which tells you--if it were not too dark to read--INFANTRY MUST NOT HALT HERE, and then a lance-corporal
with a good nose for shovels looks through the more likely hiding-places. The search is rendered
pleasant as well as interesting by the fact that all the Brigade has been trodden into a morass
by months of shovel-hunting.

Beyond the Brigade the obstacles really begin. But if you use a revolver freely for wire-cutting
and rope your party together--this prevents anyone sitting down by the wayside to take his
boots off "because they draws that bad"--you will reach the rendezvous assigned to you within
an hour of the time assigned to you. At this point you will learn that no guide has been seen
or heard of there, and, subsequently, that the guide was warned for another square that certainly
looks very similar on the map. But again, if you know guides, you will guess that he went straight
to the spot where the job was to be done without bothering about anything so intricate or superfluous
as a rendezvous. Anyhow you will probably end by getting some sort of casual labour somewhere,
some time or other, and no questions asked so long as you don't inadvertently dig through from
a main drain into a C.O.'s dugout.


- Texte Similaire : [{'text': '\ufeff"No," snarled the master. "By the time you came back with them, if you got them, ten chances\nto one I shouldn\'t want them. When I want things, I want them at once. Yes, I\'d give five dollars\nfor some fresh water-cresses this very minute;" and he again seized his wig and flourished\nit in the air.\n\nWith trembling fingers Cissy opened the gate, and walked in. The servant-man placed the camp-chair\non the ground. The old gentleman sat down in it, first hanging his hair on the back, leaving\nhis head as smooth and shining as an ivory ball, looked at the intruder with keen black eyes,\nand asked, sharply, "Well, what do you want?"\n\n"To give you these water-cresses," she said, with a smile, holding up her apron. "They were\ngathered only a short time ago, and my apron\'s quite clean, sir."\n\n"Bless me!" exclaimed the old gentleman, "what a wonderful coincidence! and"--taking a bunch\nand beginning to eat them--"what fine water-cresses! And I suppose you expect that five dollars,\nfor of course you heard what I said."\n\n"No, sir," said Cissy, shyly, "I never thought of the money. I know you only said that as people\noften say things. I\'m glad to give them to you, sir, because you wanted them so much."\n\nThe old gentleman burst into a loud laugh, put on his wig, and asked her name. And then by\ndegrees he got the whole story from her--the death of the father, the accident that lamed the\nmother, the gift of the cresses from Frank Hillborn, and the five miles yet to go in search\nof work. "And what was your mother\'s name before she was married?" was his last question.\n\n"Prudence Kelly, sir."\n\n"Prudence Kelly! I knew it!" he shouted, springing from his chair. And then, in a still louder\nvoice, he called, "Grace! Grace!" and a pretty young lady came running toward him. "I\'ve found\nyour old nurse, my dear, your faithful old nurse that we have lost sight of for years. This\nis her daughter. And she is in want. Take the carriage and go to her at once. What a blessing\nthat I got up in a scolding humor this morning, and wanted water-cresses! Go with Grace, Cecilia\nmy child, and when you get home, give this five-dollar bill to your friend Frank, and tell\nhim it isn\'t the first time a little act of kindness has brought luck."\n\nVery soon after General Washington was elected President a war broke out between France and\nEngland. It was natural that people in this country should wish to help the French, who had\nhelped us. But General Washington saw that if we once got in the way of taking a part in wars\nbetween other countries, where our own rights were not in danger, we should always be at war.\nHe saw, too, that we were a small nation then, compared to the nations of Europe, and that\nwe might easily lose the freedom we had fought so long for. He dreaded to put our freedom in\ndanger unless compelled to. So he issued an order to the people, as he had a right to do, not\nto take part with one nation or the other, but to mind their own business.\n\nThis was wise, because the British government was only too ready to pick a quarrel with us.\nGeneral Washington also went further. He made a treaty of peace and commerce with Great Britain,\nwhich kept war from our shores for twenty years, and gave the country a chance to grow. The\npeople did not like this treaty much. There was a great deal of ill-feeling toward Great Britain,\ngrowing out of the long fight we had had with her. But General Washington, who was ready to\nfight for real rights, felt that it was wrong to get into a quarrel from mere angry feeling.\nHe was very anxious to keep the two countries at peace until their people could get calm, and\ngo to trading with each other, and learn to live together in friendship. Surely this was both\nsensible and good. It was fortunate for the country that a man was at the head of its government\nwise enough to see what was right, and firm enough to do it.\n\nJust at the time Washington was elected President, the French people rose against their government,\nwhich had many faults, and drove away many of their rulers, and cut off their King\'s head.\nAmong the leaders was Lafayette, who, however, was no party to the cruelties which were practiced.\nThe other kings of Europe undertook to restore the King of France to power, and in the war\nwhich followed Lafayette was taken prisoner and closely confined. His wife wrote to Washington,\nasking him to try and get Lafayette released. Washington gladly did all that he could, but\nit was of no use. However, he sent money to Madame Lafayette, for her property had been taken\naway, and he brought over to this country one of Lafayette\'s sons, and took him into his family,\nand cared for him as if he were his own. The boy was named after Washington, and always remembered\nthe President\'s kindness with thankfulness.\n\nWhen the first term of four years for which Washington was elected came to an end, he was chosen\nagain, without a single vote against him, though he was very anxious to go back to private life.\n\nFinally, at the end of his second term, when he had been eight years President, he refused\nto serve any longer. Just as he had written a farewell address to his soldiers, after being\neight years in command, he now wrote a farewell address to the American people. I hope all\nmy young readers will read it as soon as they are old enough to understand it. It is written\nin a quaint and somewhat stiff style, for Washington always found it easier to act than to\ntalk or write; but it is full of wisdom. Even now, eighty-four years after it was written,\nthere is much in it which we ought to remember and try to carry out.\n\nIt was the spring of 1797 when Washington gave up the President\'s office, and returned to Mount\nVernon. He had visited his beloved home frequently during his Presidency, and had kept a very\ncareful watch over it in his absence. Again he took up with great delight the old round of\npeaceful duties. Every day he was up before the sun. Every day he was in the saddle, riding\nover his large farms, watching his laborers and his crops, planning changes and directing work.\nIn the evening he saw much company--many, indeed, who had little claim on him, who came from\nidle curiosity, and wearied him with their presence. But he was always courteous. He enjoyed\nthe society of his family and friends very keenly. He had no children of his own, but he had\nreared first the children, and afterward two of the grandchildren, of his wife in his home.\nHe took great pleasure with them, and was as merry as he was loving. He hoped to live the remainder\nof his days in quiet in this circle.\n\n[TO BE CONTINUED.]\n\nLITTLE FATIMA.\n\nBY SARA KEABLES HUNT.\n\nIt was a beautiful Oriental picture, and I paused in my walk along the banks of the Nile to\nsketch her, that dark-eyed Arab girl, as she half reclined in the sand, the western sunlight\nflickering through the green boughs of a clump of palms, and falling upon the upturned face\nand purplish braids with their glitter of gold coins. In the background were a few broken columns,\nrelic of some past grandeur, and at a little distance a camel crouched in the sand, gazing\nas mournfully as the Sphynx across the desert. The flowing Eastern dress of the child was pushed\nback from one beautifully rounded arm, but the other was concealed, as if she had tried to\nhide it from even the sunlight. It was crippled and pitifully deformed.\n\nPoor little Fatima! I knew her sensitive spirit, and I put my pencil out of sight as I came\nnearer, for I saw on her face the shadow of a restless discontent. She smiled as she bade me\nwelcome, but it was a sad smile, and changed to tears as she spoke.\n\n"I am of no use," she said in Arabic. "If I were a boy, they would care for me; but a girl!\nThey scorn me and my disfigured arm. I can never do any good in the world; never, never. And,\noh, lady, there is a soul within me that longs to do something for somebody! I want to accomplish\nsomething; not to sit here day after day making figures in the sand, only to see them drift\nback again into a dull level. But I shall live in vain. What can I do with this poor crippled arm?"\n\nIt was a difficult task to soothe her; but I think, after awhile, she felt that the great Allah\nhad done all things well, and peace crept over her tired little heart.\n\n"But, dear child," I said, as I left her, "it may be that you can do more good with your one\narm than I ever can with my two. We do not know what may happen."\n\nAnd so I went home to my little cottage, taking the field path instead of the railroad track,\nas I usually did. When I reached the house, and called for my little girl-baby, who often came\ntoddling out to meet me, all was silent, and in answer to my inquiries the nurse said she had\njust gone down the track a little way to meet me.\n\n"Down the track! Oh, the train! the train! It\'s time for the train! Why do you stand here idle?\nCall Hassan and Mahomet. Run, and save her!"\n\nI rushed wildly along the embankment. How plain it all is to me now, even to the bits of pottery\ngleaming in the sand, and the distant echo of an Arab\'s song as it floated over the hills!\nI saw the white dress of my darling far ahead, and stumbled on--how, I hardly knew. The train\nwas coming! I could hear it plunging on; I could see the fearful light. Oh, if I might reach her!\n\nBut who is that? Can it be Fatima? It is Fatima, waving her arms wildly as she speeds onward.\nShe is on the bank! She is there! She grasps the child! And the train plunges past me with\na wild glare; and there, before me, is my baby, my golden-haired baby, safe and unharmed, but\nFatima lay dying on the iron rail. I clasped her to my heart, and called her name amid my sobs.\nShe lifted the long, dark eyelashes, and smiled. "Allah be praised!" she murmured. Then in\nher weak, broken English she said:\n\n"Me do something wid dis poor arm; me die for you baby!" She fell back in my arms; and so we\ncarried her to my home, white and insensible.\n\nBut she did not die. The deformed arm had to be severed from the shoulder, but her life was\nsaved; and to-day, surrounded by all that grateful hearts can give, she is one of the happiest\nlittle creatures on the banks of the Nile.\n\nA ST. ULRIC DOLL.\n\nBY THE AUTHOR OF "THE CATSKILL FAIRIES."\n\nThe steam-ship Columbine was crossing the ocean from Liverpool to New York. On the deck the\npassengers walked about, looking at the sea and sky. Occasionally they saw a flock of gulls\ncircling about overhead, or a shoal of dolphins leaping up in the blue waves. Among these passengers\nwas the shy gentleman. Now the shy gentleman was tall and large, with a full brown beard, which\nshould have made him quite bold, but he was not. If a stranger spoke to him, he blushed, and\nif he tried to say something really wise, he merely stammered, so that his meaning was lost.\nAs for tea-cups and wine-glasses, he always broke them with his elbow, or by allowing them\nto slip through his big fingers, while chairs and little tables seemed placed in his way for\nthe sole purpose of his tumbling over them.\n\nIn his cabin was his portmanteau, filled with all sorts of treasures. A Paris doll and her\nwardrobe were given the place of honor. The beautiful blonde hair of this fashionable lady\nmust not be disarranged, and the boxes containing her dresses and gloves, her boots, mantles,\nand parasols, required much space. She was a very important person. In a corner was wedged\nthe case of one of those mechanical bears covered with black fur, and wound up by means of\na key in his side. In the opposite corner were the Venetian lion of St. Mark, made of brass,\ntrinkets of straw and glass, and a little Neapolitan boy in mosaic on the lid of a box. The\nSt. Ulric doll, folded in a bit of tissue-paper, had been allowed to fall down anywhere. She\nwas made of a single stick of wood, with a head carved on top, but without arms or legs, like\nthe Italian babies, who are wound about with cloths until they resemble little mummies.\n\nShe remained quietly where she had been placed, between a flannel waistcoat and a pair of stockings,\nwith her head resting on a meerschaum pipe. She thought of her home, and sighed. Yes, she was\nhomesick, because she loved her own land as only the Tyrolese and the Swiss love their native\nmountains.\n\nThe shy gentleman had bought the St. Ulric doll at a booth under the stone archway of one of\nthe streets of Botzen. He could not carry away with him the beautiful Austrian Tyrol, except\nas pictures in his own mind, and therefore he picked up the droll and ugly little St. Ulric doll.\n\n"When I give the doll to Nelly, I will tell her about the mountain peaks where the hunters\nclimb to shoot the chamois and the black-cock, and the valleys down toward Italy where the\ngrapes ripen, and all about the castles perched like watch-towers along the Brenner route,"\nthought the shy gentleman, wrapping the purchase in the bit of tissue-paper. "I must not forget\nto add that this Brenner Pass, where the traveller of to-day journeys on the railway from Munich\nto Verona, is one of the oldest highways in the world; the Etruscan merchants used to pass\nhere, trading in iron with the Northern nations, long before the Romans."\n\nOne day a tremendous rattling was heard inside the case of the mechanical bear.\n\n"What is the matter? Are you seasick?" inquired the lion of St. Mark.\n\n"No," grumbled the mechanical bear. "I have been standing on my head too long, and if this\nvoyage does not soon end, my machinery will be out of order. I shall growl at the wrong time."\n\n"We must be gifts for children. I hope they will like us," said the St. Ulric doll.\n\n"I hope we shall like them," said the French doll. "I come from a shop window on the Boulevard\ndes Italiens. How can I live out of Paris!"\n\nJust then the lid of the portmanteau was lifted, and a Custom-house officer looked in. The\nsteamer had reached New York.\n\n"Here he is, mamma!" cried a little girl, as a carriage paused before the door of a house on\nGramercy Square.\n\nShe had been looking out of the window. Now she ran down stairs, and opened the front door.\nTwo gentlemen got out of the carriage; one was her uncle Fred, and the other a traveller with\na brown beard, whose arms were full of mysterious parcels and boxes. This was the shy gentleman,\nand Nelly had always found him a good friend. Soon the parcels were distributed. The mosaic\nbox was for mother, the brass lion for Uncle Fred, and all the rest for Nelly. She was wild\nwith delight. The Paris doll fascinated her. All her friends were invited to admire the lady\nfrom the Boulevards. Nelly could not eat, or sleep, or study her lessons. She tried on all\nthe dresses, gloves, bonnets, and shoes.\n\nThe St. Ulric doll had been glanced at, laid on the table, and forgotten. At length Nelly wearied\nof so much splendor, and her mother found the Paris doll too fine for every-day play. Nelly\nnoticed the St. Ulric doll then.\n\n"You have no clothes, poor thing," she said.\n\nShe opened her own work-box, sought in a bag for a piece of blue flannel, and began to sew.\nSoon the St. Ulric doll was clothed. To be sure, her gown was like a bag tied about her neck.\n\nNelly\'s mother, a pretty widow, said, "I did not know he loved me."\n\nNelly whispered to the St. Ulric doll that her mother was to marry the shy gentleman.\n\n"I thought there was a good reason for bringing us across the sea," said the St. Ulric doll\nto the mechanical bear and the Paris lady.\n\nThe latter was out of temper.\n\n"Already the little girl loves you best, because she has made your gown herself," she said.\n\nTHE GRIZZLY BEAR.\n\nThe grizzly bear is the most terrible of all beasts. Its great strength, its enormous size,\nits ferocity, and its courage render it a more formidable enemy than the lion. It ranges the\nwestward-lying slopes of the Rocky Mountains from Mexico to British America, and is a constant\nterror to the regions it inhabits.\n\nThe average length of the grizzly bear is about seven feet, and its weight nine hundred to\na thousand pounds, although much larger specimens have been killed in Arizona and other Southern\nregions.\n\nGrizzlies do not often attack men unless surprised or infuriated, or driven by desperate hunger\nto seize upon everything which crosses their path; but all animals, from a mouse to an enormous\nbuffalo, fall an easy prey to this monarch of the far West.\n\nThe immense daring of the grizzly bear, and its entire confidence in its strength, are evident\nfrom the fact that it will not hesitate to attack buffaloes even when a whole herd are together.\nIt has been known to kill a buffalo with one blow of its terrible fore-paw, and afterward to\ndrag it away and bury it. It can easily dig a hole with its cimeter-like claws, and it usually\nburies what it can not devour, as a store to fall back upon when provisions are scarce.\n\nHunters tell many stories of sharp contests between grizzlies and buffaloes. The bear will\nprowl by the side of a herd, keeping under cover of the bushes until some big fat fellow comes\nwithin easy reach, when it rushes on its victim, and with one blow fells it to the ground.\nThe other buffaloes may rush to the rescue of their comrade, but the powerful grizzly is generally\na match for them all, and instances are rare where the savage beast has been driven to crawl\naway defeated.\n\nThe claws of this beast are longer than a man\'s finger, and are very much prized as ornaments\nby the Indians. To wear a necklace of bear\'s claws, taken from an animal killed by himself,\nis one of the highest ambitions of an Indian brave; for if he is thus decorated, his courage\nand superior strength are acknowledged by his whole tribe. An Indian will sell his horses,\nhis blankets, everything he possesses, but nothing can induce him to part with his bear-claw\nnecklace, which marks him as an invincible warrior. To obtain this coveted prize Indians will\nrun the most extreme risks. Are the enormous foot-prints of a grizzly discovered in the vicinity\nof the camp, the men all set out in hot pursuit, and many a poor Indian has lost his life in\nfierce encounter with this monarch of the mountains. If the bear can be traced to its den among\nthe rocks, the Indians will lay trails of powder leading from the lair in different directions,\nwhich, as they burn, set fire to the dry grass and stubble. As the animal, startled by the\nsmoke and flame, rushes from its hiding-place, the Indians, who lie concealed behind rocks\nand bushes, pelt it with blazing pine knots, and fire volley after volley from their rifles\ninto its body, until some lucky shot enters the heart or brain, and the monster staggers and\nfalls dead to the ground.\n\nThis beast has a strong hold on life, and has often been known to run with great speed, and\neven to swim deep rivers, with twenty or more large rifle-balls in its body. It is so difficult\nto kill, and so furious when aroused, that a hunter will never attack the grizzly single-handed\nif the encounter can be avoided. The hunter may escape by climbing a tree; for although young\ngrizzlies can climb like a cat, the old bears can do nothing more than stand on their hind-legs\nin vain endeavors to reach the branches where the man lies concealed, and growl spitefully.\nTheir extreme heaviness, however, is thought by the Indians to be all that prevents them from\nclimbing.\n\nA hunter once took refuge in a tree from one of these savage beasts, and having vainly discharged\nall his ammunition at the monster, he endeavored to hit it in the eye with cones, thinking\nto drive it away. But the grizzly only became more infuriated, and began a brisk war-dance\naround the tree, howling all the while in a terrible manner. At length the branch upon which\nthe hunter was sitting began to give way, and the unfortunate man felt himself doomed to certain\ndeath. Closing his eyes, he resigned himself to the worst, when, instead of falling, as he\nexpected, into the open jaws of the huge beast, he, together with the heavy branch upon which\nhe had been sitting, landed with a tremendous thump upon the grizzly\'s head. The animal was\nso astonished and frightened at this sudden and unexpected assault, that it took to its heels,\nand soon disappeared in the forest. Such miraculous escapes, however, are not frequent, and\nthe number of Indians and hunters killed by grizzlies is very large.\n\nYoung grizzlies have often been captured, and when very small are as playful and affectionate\nas dogs. But they are not to be trusted, for as they grow older, their savage nature develops,\nand they are liable to become dangerous property. Unless they can be surprised away from the\nmother, their capture is attended by the utmost peril. Nothing can exceed the fury of the mother\nbear if her little ones are molested. Rising on her hind-legs for a moment to survey the object\nof her hatred, she will utter a hoarse "huff, huff, huff," and charge madly, and wary and courageous\nmust be the hunter who can overcome this savage monster.\n\nHunting the grizzly is usually accomplished by parties of men well mounted, and with bands\nof trained dogs, but the huge beast will make a desperate fight for its life, and often severely\nwounds numbers of its assailants before being forced itself to succumb.\n\n]\n\nMINIATURE YACHTS.\n\nOn the preceding page is an illustration of a miniature yacht regatta on the Lake in Prospect\nPark, Brooklyn. In that beautiful Park there are few sights to be seen as beautiful as this.\nThe dainty yachts, perfect in every detail, look like graceful white-winged birds skimming\nover the water, and the announcement of a regatta on the Lake often attracts more spectators\nthan similar announcements of "grown-up" regattas down the bay. Many of these spectators are\nvery critical, and attend these regattas in order to study fine points of sailing, and to learn\nwhat models will show the greatest speed.\n\nThe little yachts are so carefully planned and built that they often serve as models for those\nof many tons. Some of the finest yachts of the New York, Brooklyn, Atlantic, and Seawanhaka\nYacht Clubs are built from models furnished by winners of races and regattas on the lakes of\nCentral and Prospect Parks.\n\nTwo regularly organized and officered clubs, the New York and Brooklyn Miniature Yacht Clubs,\nare the rivals of these lakes, and many exciting match races are sailed between the flyers\nof the two clubs. These races and all the regattas are governed by the regular rules of yachting,\ntime allowances being made for differences of measurement, and the amount of canvas allowed\neach boat, as well as the course to be sailed, being accurately defined.\n\nOf the miniature yachts, schooners of the first class are generally about sixty inches long,\nare heavily sparred--that is, they have very tall masts, long booms, and bow-sprit--and are\nballasted with very deep and heavy lead keels. They are either "built" or "cut"--that is, ribbed\nand planked, or worked out from a single block of wood.\n\nThey carry rudders merely to make them look ship-shape, and are steered entirely by their sails.\nThese are so arranged as to balance fore and aft, and the jib and main sheets are made of elastic\nrubber, so nicely adjusted that if the boat is inclined to sail too close to the wind, the\nmain-sheet stretches, the mainsail is eased off, and she resumes her proper course, with the\nwind free. If she is inclined to "fall off" too much, and run before the wind, the jib-sheet\nstretches, the wind spills out of the jib, and the pressure upon her aftersails quickly brings\nher up on the wind again.\n\nThe fleet at Prospect Park this season numbers some fifty sail, from sixty-inch schooners down\nto ten-inch cat-boats, and contains schooners, sloops, cat-boats, catamarans, and one square-rigged\nsteamer. An English cutter will probably be added to the fleet very soon, and interesting races\nbetween her and the boats of American model are expected.\n\nEASY BOTANY.\n\nJUNE.\n\nJune has many beautiful flowering trees, and many rare and remarkable plants. Some of the anemones\nbloom in April and May, but several wait for June. Among these the rare red anemone is found\non rocky banks in Western Vermont, in Northern New York, and Pennsylvania.\n\nAmong the pines and maples of Cape Ann, at Manchester, Massachusetts, we find the laurel-magnolia,\nor sweet-bay, with silky leaves and buds, and deliciously fragrant cream-white flowers. This\ncharming shrub seems to belong to the South, but has strangely strayed away, and made for itself\na cozy home on the "stern and rock-bound coast" of New England. This magnolia also grows in\nPennsylvania and Southern New York.\n\nBelonging to the same fair family is the tulip-tree, with large tulip-shaped flowers tinged\nwith yellow, orange, and green. These trees are found in rich soil in the Middle, Southern,\nand Western States.\n\nAnother wonderful plant of June is the large water-lily the Nelumbo luteum, or water-chinquepin.\nThis plant apparently belongs to the East Indies, and seems to be nearly related to the pink\nlotus, or sacred bean of India. The American species is rare, being found at but few places;\nbut Connecticut professes to possess it in the Connecticut River, near Lyme; and it is found\nin the Delaware River, near Philadelphia, at Woodstown and Swedesborough, New Jersey, and in\nseveral Western lakes. The leaves are circular, from one to two feet in diameter, and raised\nhigh above the water; the fragrant flowers are pale yellow; the seeds, sunk deeply in a receptacle,\nare as large as acorns.\n\nOur own beautiful white pond-lily is well known and well beloved; and few New-Englanders are\nunfamiliar with the serene ponds and still waters where the lily pods make a carpet on which\nrest the lovely heads of these delicious favorites.\n\nAt Sandwich and Barnstable, Massachusetts, and Kennebunk, Maine, are found lilies of a fine\nrose-color. The common cow-lily, as it is called, though not a beauty like its relatives, is\na pleasing variety, being of a rich yellow color.\n\nNext we come to the wonderful pitcher-plants, whose chosen homes are in the black mud of peat-bogs\nand swamps.\n\nThe one with which we are most familiar is favored not only with a botanical name of seven\nsyllables, but has the common names of side-saddle-flower, pitcher-plant, and hunter\'s-cup--all\nreferring more or less to the curious leaves, which are hollow, and shaped like little pitchers,\nand are always found partly filled with water. The flower, nodding on a tall stalk, is as singular\nas the leaves; it is of a deep reddish-purple color, the petals arching over a little green\numbrella in the centre, which covers the stamens. This striking and interesting plant may be\neasily found by any enterprising young botanist who is not afraid of mud and water, as it grows\nfrom Maine to Illinois and southward.\n\nAnother queer little dweller in bogs and swamps and wet meadows is the sundew, one species\nof which may be found in June, and others later. The leaves of this peculiar plant are covered\nwith fine reddish-brown hairs, or glands, which furnish small drops of fluid, glittering like\ndew-drops.\n\n', 'similarity': 0.9074704051017761}, {'text': '\ufeff"Don\'t be so flippant."\n\n"And don\'t you be so cryptic. What\'s Mrs. Rowley\'s cheerfulness done to you?"\n\n"I\'ll tell you how it happened," she said. "We met; \'twas at a tea, and first of all we talked\nabout committees."\n\n"Committees!" I said. "How glorious! Are there many?"\n\n"Yes," she said. "There\'s the old Relief Committee, and the Belgian Committee, and the Soldiers\'\nComforts\' Committee, and the Hospital Visitors\' Committee, and the Children\'s Meals\' Committee,\nand the Entertainments\' Committee and the----"\n\n"Enough," I said. "I will take the rest for granted. But isn\'t there a danger that with all\nthese committees----?"\n\n"I know," she said; "you\'re going to say something about overlapping."\n\n"Your insight," I said, "is wonderful. How did you know?"\n\n"I\'ve noticed," she said, "that when men form committees they always declare that there sha\'n\'t\nbe any overlapping, and then, according to their own account, they get to work and all overlap\nlike mad. Now we women don\'t worry about overlapping. Most of us don\'t know what it means--I\ndon\'t myself--but we appoint presidents and treasurers and secretaries, and then we go ahead\nand do things. If we were only left to ourselves we should never call a meeting of any committee\nafter we\'d once started it. It\'s the men who insist on committees meeting."\n\n"Yes, and on keeping them from breaking their rules."\n\n"What\'s the use of having committees if you can\'t break their silly old rules?"\n\n"Amiable anarchist," I said, "let us abandon committees and return to Mrs. Rowley."\n\n"Well," she said, "we soon got on to the War."\n\n"You might easily do that," I said. "The subject has its importance. What does Mrs. Rowley\nthink of it?"\n\n"Mrs. Rowley thinks it\'s all perfectly splendid. She hasn\'t the least doubt about anything.\nShe knows the uncle of a man whose cousin is in the War Office and often sees Lord KITCHENER\nin the corridors, and he\'s quite certain----"\n\n"Who? Lord KITCHENER?"\n\n"No, the uncle of the man whose cousin--he\'s quite certain the War will be over in our favour\nbefore next June, because there\'ll be a revolution in Potsdam and thousands of Germans are\nbeing killed in bread-riots every day, and lots of stuff of that sort."\n\n"I understand," I said. "You began to react against it."\n\n"Something of that kind. She was so terribly serene and so dreadfully over-confident that I\ngot contradictious and had to argue with her--simply couldn\'t restrain myself--and then she\nsaid she was sorry I was such a pessimist, and I said I wasn\'t, and here I am."\n\n"Yes," I said, "you are, and in a state of Cimmerian gloom, naturally enough. But you\'ve come\nto the right place--no, by Jove, now that I think of it you\'ve come to the wrong place, the\nvery wrongest place in the world."\n\n"How\'s that?"\n\n"Because I met old Captain Burstall out walking, and he was miserable about everything. According\nto him we haven\'t got a dog\'s chance anywhere. The Government\'s rotten, the Army\'s rotten,\nthe Navy\'s worse and the British Empire\'s going to be smashed up before Easter."\n\n"Captain Burstall\'s the man for my money. If I\'d only met him I should have been as cheerful\nas a lark."\n\n"And that," I said, "is exactly what I am, entirely owing to a natural spirit of contradiction.\nI just pulled myself together and countered him on every point."\n\n"I daresay you did it very well," she said; "but if you\'re as cock-a-hoop as you make out I\ndon\'t see how I\'m ever to get rid of my depression. I shall be starting to contradict you next."\n\n"Which," I said, "will be an entirely novel experience for both of us. But I\'ll tell you a\nbetter way; let\'s keep silent for ten minutes and simmer back to our usual condition of reasonable\nhopefulness."\n\n"I can\'t promise silence," she said, "but I\'ll back myself against the world as a simmerer."\n\nR. C. L.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nSHAKSPEARE to the Slackers:--\n\n    "Dishonour not your mothers; now attest." Henry V., Act III.,\n    Scene I.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nANOTHER AIR SCANDAL.\n\nIf ever I write a Hymn of Hate, or, at any rate, of resentment, it will not be about the Germans,\nbut about a certain type of Englishman whom I encounter far too often and shall never understand.\nThe Germans are now beyond any hymning, however fervent; they are, it is reassuring to think,\na class by themselves. But my man should be hymned, not because it will do him any good, but\nbecause it relieves my feelings.\n\nIt is really rather a curious case, for he might be quite a nice fellow and, I have little\ndoubt, often is; but he boasts and flaunts an inhuman insensibility that excites one\'s worst\npassions.\n\nWhat would you say was the quality or characteristic most to be desired in every member of\nour social common-wealth? Obviously there is only one reply to this question: that he should\nbe decently susceptible to draughts. If society is to go on, either we must all be so pachydermatous\nas to be able to disregard draughts, or we must feel them and act accordingly. There should\nnot be here and there a strange Ishmaelite creature whose delight it is to be played upon by\nboreal blasts. But there is. I meet him in the train, and the other day I hymned him.\n\nO thou (my hymn of dislike, of annoyance, of remonstrance began):--\n\n  O thou, the foe of comfort, heat,\n  O thou who hast the corner seat,\n  Facing the engine, as we say\n  (Although it is so far away,\n    And in between\n    So many coaches intervene,\n  The phrase partakes of foolishness);--\n  O thou who sittest there no less,\n  Keeping the window down\n  Though all the carriage frown,\n    Why dost thou so rejoice in air?\n  Not air that nourishes and braces,\n  Such as one finds in watering-places,\n    But air to chill a polar bear--\n  Malignant air at sixty miles an hour\n    That rakes the carriage fore and aft,\n  Wherein we cower;\n    Not air at all, but sheer revengeful draught!\n  How canst thou like it? Say! How canst thou do it?\n\n  Thou even read\'st a paper through it!\n\n  Know\'st thou no pain?\n    Sciatica or rheumatism\n    Leading to balm or sinapism?\n  Doth influenza pass thee by?\n  Hast never cold or bloodshot eye\n  Like ordinary Christian folk\n    Who sit in draughts against their will\n    And pray they\'ll not be ill?\n  Even in tunnels (this is past a joke)\n  Thou car\'st no rap\n  Nor, as a decent man would, pull\'st the strap,\n  But lett\'st the carriage fill with smoke\n  Till all but thou must choke.\n\n  Why art thou anti-social thus,\n  Why dost thou differ so from us?\n  Thou pig! thou hippopotamus!\n\nI don\'t pretend to be satisfied with these lines. They are not strong, not complete. Mr. JOYNSON-HICKS\nwould have done it more fittingly. Still they might do a little good somewhere, and every little\nhelps.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nOVERTIME.\n\n    "The evidence was that defendants employed six young persons for\n    more than seven days a week."--Provincial Paper.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n    "The organist played as opening voluntaries the \'Bridal March\'\n    from \'Lohengrin,\' Barnaby\'s \'Bridal March\' from \'Lohengrin,\' and\n    Barnaby\'s \'Bridal March.\'"\n\n    Provincial Paper.\n\nIt was evidently BARNABY\'s. Still, we think WAGNER might have been mentioned as his collaborator.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n    "In the current number of the Commonwealth Canon Scott Holland\n    in his own inimical manner endorses all that Mr. Carey has been\n    writing in our columns recently."\n\n    Clerical Paper.\n\nThe Canon appears to be one of those jolly people who slap you on the back as if they would\nknock you down.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nAT THE FRONT.\n\nOf recent days we have almost stopped pretending to be soldiers and owned up to being civilian\nlabourers lodged in the War zone. This is felt so acutely that several leading privates have\nquite discarded that absolute attribute of the infantryman, the rifle. They return from working\nparties completely unarmed, discover the fact with a mild and but half-regretful astonishment\nand report the circumstance to section-commanders as if they had lost one round of small arms\nammunition or the last cube from an iron ration.\n\nThe hobby of the civilian labourer is obstacle-racing. To do this you require a dark night,\nthe assistance of some Royal Engineers, an appointment just behind the front line with some\nsupervisor of labour whom you don\'t know and don\'t specially want to, and a four-mile stretch\nacross country to the rendezvous.\n\nYou start out at nightfall and do good time over the first hundred yards. The field consists\nof forty to eighty labourers, and one of the idle rich (formerly styled officers). At the hundred\nyards\' mark the Royal Engineers begin to come in. Obstacle 1 is a model trench, built for instructional\npurposes and now being turned to obstructional account. There\'s one place where you can get\non to the parades without swimming, and if we started by daylight we might strike it. We do\nnot start by daylight.\n\nBeyond the trench is a wire entanglement, also a fine specimen of early 1915 R.E. work. We\nmay note in passing the trip wire eight yards beyond. We\'re getting pretty good with it now,\nbut in our early days the R.E. used to get a lot of marks for it.\n\nYou go on towards a couple of moated hedges, whimsically barbed in odd spots, and emerge into\na park or open space leading into an unhealthy-looking road. It seems all plain sailing to\nthe road--unless you know the R.E., in which case you will not be surprised to find your neck\nnearly bisected by a horizontal wire designed to encourage telephonic communication.\n\nEventually you all reach an area known for some obscure reason--if for any at all--as "The\nBrigade." Here the R.E. have a new game waiting for you. We call it "Hunt the Shovels." You\nhave been instructed to draw shovels from the Brigade. The term covers a space of some thousand\nsquare metres intersected with hedges, bridges, rivers, dugouts, horseponds (natural and adventitious),\nany square metre of which may contain your shovels.\n\nIf you are not behind time so far this is where you drop a quarter of an hour. Of course you\nmay just get fed up and go home. But in that case you aren\'t allowed to play again, and as\na matter of fact the game is rather de rigueur out here. So you hide your party behind a sign-post,\nwhich tells you--if it were not too dark to read--INFANTRY MUST NOT HALT HERE, and then a lance-corporal\nwith a good nose for shovels looks through the more likely hiding-places. The search is rendered\npleasant as well as interesting by the fact that all the Brigade has been trodden into a morass\nby months of shovel-hunting.\n\nBeyond the Brigade the obstacles really begin. But if you use a revolver freely for wire-cutting\nand rope your party together--this prevents anyone sitting down by the wayside to take his\nboots off "because they draws that bad"--you will reach the rendezvous assigned to you within\nan hour of the time assigned to you. At this point you will learn that no guide has been seen\nor heard of there, and, subsequently, that the guide was warned for another square that certainly\nlooks very similar on the map. But again, if you know guides, you will guess that he went straight\nto the spot where the job was to be done without bothering about anything so intricate or superfluous\nas a rendezvous. Anyhow you will probably end by getting some sort of casual labour somewhere,\nsome time or other, and no questions asked so long as you don\'t inadvertently dig through from\na main drain into a C.O.\'s dugout.\n\n', 'similarity': 0.9051142334938049}]
- Similarité : 0.91

Plagiat détecté :
- Texte source : ﻿"My girl," Evellin would often say to Isabel, "the King must be re-instated on his throne,
or England will fall from her rank among the nations. The standard of public morals must be
reduced, the mode of thinking be changed, the very aspect of Englishmen undergo a revolution
before the race of this upstart Despot can take root in this island. We have been accustomed
to look up to our governors as great and good; at least they were surrounded by a blaze of
ancestry and dignity of manners congenial to our feelings of the prescriptive claims of hereditary
rights. We must be all mercenary soldiers, wild fanatics, pensioned informers, or feudal serfs
toiling for daily bread, ere we can patiently endure this revolting system of jealousy and
suspicion--this cold, selfish scheme of trick and expedient. Astonishment and terror may awhile
paralyze the national spirit; the remembered miseries of civil war may render the phantom of
peace so alluring as to induce many to call a deleterious intoxication felicity. But unless
Cromwell can obliterate every record of what Englishmen were in past ages--unless he can make
us forget the education, opinions, and hopes of our youth--the labours, sorrows, and wrongs
of our riper years--his meanness and his crimes;--never--never can the British lion crouch
at an Usurper's form, or the red-cross banner wave graceful over a traitor's head."

Colonel Evellin was roused from these agreeable reveries by a painful communication from Williams.
The means of access which the royalists now had to Cromwell's councils enabled them to discover
that the vigilance of Morgan had brought together so many charges against Dr. Beaumont, that
there seeming no chance of his escaping condemnation, it was resolved to bring him to trial.
Williams could not distinctly make out the crimes with which he was charged, except that he
assisted the late and present King with money; that he used the Liturgy and Church ceremonies
with such slight alterations as did not prevent their continuing to be that "form of words"
and "will-worship" which were forbidden to saints; added to this, he prayed for Charles Stewart;
and further, there were secret counsels and mysterious contrivances in the family. A private
chamber had also been found, which, it was evident, had been used for the purpose of concealing
malignants. The safety of the state required that these practices should be searched into,
and that Dr. Beaumont should be tried for contumacy to the government.

This was all Williams could discover; but beside this open attack, there was a mine ready to
be sprung for the Doctor's destruction. Lord Bellingham had now lain several years in confinement.
His party was believed to be subdued, and his own reputation was so tarnished that he was become
quite innoxious. Overtures were now made to him, that he should be restored to liberty, and
to a part of his possessions; but it was hinted at the same time that it would show his acquiescence
with the existing government if he would take an active part against an atrocious royalist.
The sudden and mysterious disappearance of his son (of whom he had heard no tidings since the
battle of Preston) was mentioned; and it was soon understood that it was expected he should
bring the charge of assassination against Dr. Beaumont, and thus remove all odium from Cromwell.
Solitude and confinement had wrought no salutary change on this wretched man's disposition.
His prison-hours were occupied by regrets for the past, distaste at the present, and fears
for the future. His affections clung fondly to the wealth and title he had lost; nor could
his guilty soul disrobe itself "of those lendings" which vitiated its spiritual essence. If
he were again placed in Bellingham-Castle he would repent. He would then devote a large proportion
of his dearly-purchased estate to charitable purposes; he would seek for Allan Neville and
his daughter; were they alive, he would make them happy, or at least place them in affluence;
he would erect a monument to the gallant Eustace; he would employ his future life in pious
duties; in fine, if restored to the enjoyment of the unrighteous Mammon, he would use it in
securing an everlasting inheritance. No angel whispered, "Begin the mighty labour now;" no
renovating change took place in his desires. The hour of contrition and repentance was deferred
with procrastinating insincerity. Can we then wonder that the man who, in his youth, sacrificed
honour and friendship to purchase worldly grandeur, should, in his age, again impawn his conscience
for liberty and ease? or that, though he had indeed often deplored the supposed necessity of
murdering Eustace Evellin, he should basely yield to become a Tyrant's instrument to cut off
that Eustace's uncle on a charge, which, from what he knew of the Doctor's conduct, bore improbability
and ingratitude in its aspect. Let those who condemn Lord Bellingham beware how they yield
to the first temptations of guilt. The emulation of an aspiring mind, unchecked by principle,
degenerated into envy, hatred, malice, injustice, falsehood, and cruelty. Love for a beautiful
woman was polluted by an insatiable craving to rise to the same sphere of life in which she
moved; and as it was her exterior loveliness, not her inward graces, that inflamed his desires,
he scrupled not to become the instrument of her bad passion; that "love might revel on the
couch of state," he performed actions which stamped ignominy on his name, and destroyed his
peace for ever; and now, in the decline of life, though satiety had taught him the little value
of all temporal enjoyments, his imagination clung to the dispersing shadows which even experience
would not convince him were only phantoms of happiness. Even while he wept the offences he
had committed, he yielded to the first temptation to repeat his crimes.

On the morning fixed for his trial, Dr. Beaumont exhibited an illustration of the scriptural
precept, by combining the wisdom of the serpent with the innocence of the dove. Serene, mild,
thoughtful, acute, and penetrating, he was capable of using every fair occasion to elude his
enemies, and was able also to submit to the will of Heaven, provided their malice should be
permitted to triumph. He prepared Constantia for the worst, by assuring her that so many had
unjustly suffered in these perturbed times that condemnation was no longer considered as an
evidence of guilt. All the disgrace of a public death was removed by the justice of the cause
to which he was ready to fall a martyr; and the mere circumstance of his dying as a malefactor
ought not to distress her, since, in the article of pain, he should endure much less; and the
awakening trial of imprisonment had afforded him leisure to re-consider his ways, and make
his peace with God. This singular blessing had supplied the best uses of sickness, without
its frequent attendant, bodily incapacity. He reminded her of his declining years. "My enemies,"
said he, "can only rob me of the dregs of life. Death hath sent many of his forerunners by
the hand of time to inform me that my days are drawing to a close. It was my wish to be useful
as long as I lived. The new government have done me the honour to think me dangerous. When
they immured me in a prison, I considered the loss of liberty as a quietus from my heavenly
King, dismissing me from active employments; and I have since endeavoured to improve myself
in the practice of those passive virtues which are never enough prized by the world, and which
are often painful rather than pleasant. I have endeavoured after the perfection of patience,
humility, and submission; but, my Constantia, I have only endeavoured, and have discovered
so many unsubdued weaknesses, such a lingering fondness for what I must renounce, that I fear
nothing but the cold chill of death will benumb those ardent affections which have often led
me to lament (but, I trust, not to repine) that I was born in these unhappy times. To the last
I must bemoan the degradation, and crimes of my country, that beloved England, whom, in the
humble sphere of a village-rector, I laboured to serve, by making all whom my counsels and
example could influence, faithful servants of their God and their King. I feel too the destitution
of my family (here he faultered and turned aside his face)--principally thee, poor mourner,
tenderly fostered in thine infancy, and, since then, the child of sorrow. Encourage me by thy
firmness, now I am on the eve of the most awful occurence of my life. Imitate the cheerful
magnanimity of Isabel. Let me not shudder at the thought of leaving thee a weak, heart-broken
burden on those who can only pity thy distress; but let me have the comfort of hoping that
thou wilt behave like a resigned Christian, who, art not so depressed by a sense of thy own
grief, as to be incapable of ministering to the woes of others. Allow me to think of thee as
one whose views are not bounded by the grave, and then I shall have no overwhelming terrors
to distract my attention, or unfit me for improving every fair opportunity for my deliverance.
But, should the worst happen, remember, Constantia, I shall continue to exist. Putting on the
garment of immortality does not destroy identity. We shall still continue members of that large
family of whom God is the head, the angels being his more exalted servants, and the infernal
spirits potent rebels, who in vain labour to defeat his purposes. No event can remove us from
the superintendance of Providence; no distance of time or country, no difference of station
or fortune, can hinder the glorified spirits of the faithful from meeting in the same paradise,
and hearing the same joyful sentence of eternal beatitude. Whether the disembodied souls left
their bodies in the north or in the south, they will all rejoice in the society of each other.
The spirits of the patriarchs of old, as well as of those who die to-day in the Lord, will
meet in one large community. Console thyself, therefore, with the thought of a future, joyful,
and eternal re-union; and let that consolation be also an active precept, teaching thee so
to order thy daily conversation as to complete thy fitness for that re-union."


- Texte Similaire : [{'text': '\ufeff"No," snarled the master. "By the time you came back with them, if you got them, ten chances\nto one I shouldn\'t want them. When I want things, I want them at once. Yes, I\'d give five dollars\nfor some fresh water-cresses this very minute;" and he again seized his wig and flourished\nit in the air.\n\nWith trembling fingers Cissy opened the gate, and walked in. The servant-man placed the camp-chair\non the ground. The old gentleman sat down in it, first hanging his hair on the back, leaving\nhis head as smooth and shining as an ivory ball, looked at the intruder with keen black eyes,\nand asked, sharply, "Well, what do you want?"\n\n"To give you these water-cresses," she said, with a smile, holding up her apron. "They were\ngathered only a short time ago, and my apron\'s quite clean, sir."\n\n"Bless me!" exclaimed the old gentleman, "what a wonderful coincidence! and"--taking a bunch\nand beginning to eat them--"what fine water-cresses! And I suppose you expect that five dollars,\nfor of course you heard what I said."\n\n"No, sir," said Cissy, shyly, "I never thought of the money. I know you only said that as people\noften say things. I\'m glad to give them to you, sir, because you wanted them so much."\n\nThe old gentleman burst into a loud laugh, put on his wig, and asked her name. And then by\ndegrees he got the whole story from her--the death of the father, the accident that lamed the\nmother, the gift of the cresses from Frank Hillborn, and the five miles yet to go in search\nof work. "And what was your mother\'s name before she was married?" was his last question.\n\n"Prudence Kelly, sir."\n\n"Prudence Kelly! I knew it!" he shouted, springing from his chair. And then, in a still louder\nvoice, he called, "Grace! Grace!" and a pretty young lady came running toward him. "I\'ve found\nyour old nurse, my dear, your faithful old nurse that we have lost sight of for years. This\nis her daughter. And she is in want. Take the carriage and go to her at once. What a blessing\nthat I got up in a scolding humor this morning, and wanted water-cresses! Go with Grace, Cecilia\nmy child, and when you get home, give this five-dollar bill to your friend Frank, and tell\nhim it isn\'t the first time a little act of kindness has brought luck."\n\nVery soon after General Washington was elected President a war broke out between France and\nEngland. It was natural that people in this country should wish to help the French, who had\nhelped us. But General Washington saw that if we once got in the way of taking a part in wars\nbetween other countries, where our own rights were not in danger, we should always be at war.\nHe saw, too, that we were a small nation then, compared to the nations of Europe, and that\nwe might easily lose the freedom we had fought so long for. He dreaded to put our freedom in\ndanger unless compelled to. So he issued an order to the people, as he had a right to do, not\nto take part with one nation or the other, but to mind their own business.\n\nThis was wise, because the British government was only too ready to pick a quarrel with us.\nGeneral Washington also went further. He made a treaty of peace and commerce with Great Britain,\nwhich kept war from our shores for twenty years, and gave the country a chance to grow. The\npeople did not like this treaty much. There was a great deal of ill-feeling toward Great Britain,\ngrowing out of the long fight we had had with her. But General Washington, who was ready to\nfight for real rights, felt that it was wrong to get into a quarrel from mere angry feeling.\nHe was very anxious to keep the two countries at peace until their people could get calm, and\ngo to trading with each other, and learn to live together in friendship. Surely this was both\nsensible and good. It was fortunate for the country that a man was at the head of its government\nwise enough to see what was right, and firm enough to do it.\n\nJust at the time Washington was elected President, the French people rose against their government,\nwhich had many faults, and drove away many of their rulers, and cut off their King\'s head.\nAmong the leaders was Lafayette, who, however, was no party to the cruelties which were practiced.\nThe other kings of Europe undertook to restore the King of France to power, and in the war\nwhich followed Lafayette was taken prisoner and closely confined. His wife wrote to Washington,\nasking him to try and get Lafayette released. Washington gladly did all that he could, but\nit was of no use. However, he sent money to Madame Lafayette, for her property had been taken\naway, and he brought over to this country one of Lafayette\'s sons, and took him into his family,\nand cared for him as if he were his own. The boy was named after Washington, and always remembered\nthe President\'s kindness with thankfulness.\n\nWhen the first term of four years for which Washington was elected came to an end, he was chosen\nagain, without a single vote against him, though he was very anxious to go back to private life.\n\nFinally, at the end of his second term, when he had been eight years President, he refused\nto serve any longer. Just as he had written a farewell address to his soldiers, after being\neight years in command, he now wrote a farewell address to the American people. I hope all\nmy young readers will read it as soon as they are old enough to understand it. It is written\nin a quaint and somewhat stiff style, for Washington always found it easier to act than to\ntalk or write; but it is full of wisdom. Even now, eighty-four years after it was written,\nthere is much in it which we ought to remember and try to carry out.\n\nIt was the spring of 1797 when Washington gave up the President\'s office, and returned to Mount\nVernon. He had visited his beloved home frequently during his Presidency, and had kept a very\ncareful watch over it in his absence. Again he took up with great delight the old round of\npeaceful duties. Every day he was up before the sun. Every day he was in the saddle, riding\nover his large farms, watching his laborers and his crops, planning changes and directing work.\nIn the evening he saw much company--many, indeed, who had little claim on him, who came from\nidle curiosity, and wearied him with their presence. But he was always courteous. He enjoyed\nthe society of his family and friends very keenly. He had no children of his own, but he had\nreared first the children, and afterward two of the grandchildren, of his wife in his home.\nHe took great pleasure with them, and was as merry as he was loving. He hoped to live the remainder\nof his days in quiet in this circle.\n\n[TO BE CONTINUED.]\n\nLITTLE FATIMA.\n\nBY SARA KEABLES HUNT.\n\nIt was a beautiful Oriental picture, and I paused in my walk along the banks of the Nile to\nsketch her, that dark-eyed Arab girl, as she half reclined in the sand, the western sunlight\nflickering through the green boughs of a clump of palms, and falling upon the upturned face\nand purplish braids with their glitter of gold coins. In the background were a few broken columns,\nrelic of some past grandeur, and at a little distance a camel crouched in the sand, gazing\nas mournfully as the Sphynx across the desert. The flowing Eastern dress of the child was pushed\nback from one beautifully rounded arm, but the other was concealed, as if she had tried to\nhide it from even the sunlight. It was crippled and pitifully deformed.\n\nPoor little Fatima! I knew her sensitive spirit, and I put my pencil out of sight as I came\nnearer, for I saw on her face the shadow of a restless discontent. She smiled as she bade me\nwelcome, but it was a sad smile, and changed to tears as she spoke.\n\n"I am of no use," she said in Arabic. "If I were a boy, they would care for me; but a girl!\nThey scorn me and my disfigured arm. I can never do any good in the world; never, never. And,\noh, lady, there is a soul within me that longs to do something for somebody! I want to accomplish\nsomething; not to sit here day after day making figures in the sand, only to see them drift\nback again into a dull level. But I shall live in vain. What can I do with this poor crippled arm?"\n\nIt was a difficult task to soothe her; but I think, after awhile, she felt that the great Allah\nhad done all things well, and peace crept over her tired little heart.\n\n"But, dear child," I said, as I left her, "it may be that you can do more good with your one\narm than I ever can with my two. We do not know what may happen."\n\nAnd so I went home to my little cottage, taking the field path instead of the railroad track,\nas I usually did. When I reached the house, and called for my little girl-baby, who often came\ntoddling out to meet me, all was silent, and in answer to my inquiries the nurse said she had\njust gone down the track a little way to meet me.\n\n"Down the track! Oh, the train! the train! It\'s time for the train! Why do you stand here idle?\nCall Hassan and Mahomet. Run, and save her!"\n\nI rushed wildly along the embankment. How plain it all is to me now, even to the bits of pottery\ngleaming in the sand, and the distant echo of an Arab\'s song as it floated over the hills!\nI saw the white dress of my darling far ahead, and stumbled on--how, I hardly knew. The train\nwas coming! I could hear it plunging on; I could see the fearful light. Oh, if I might reach her!\n\nBut who is that? Can it be Fatima? It is Fatima, waving her arms wildly as she speeds onward.\nShe is on the bank! She is there! She grasps the child! And the train plunges past me with\na wild glare; and there, before me, is my baby, my golden-haired baby, safe and unharmed, but\nFatima lay dying on the iron rail. I clasped her to my heart, and called her name amid my sobs.\nShe lifted the long, dark eyelashes, and smiled. "Allah be praised!" she murmured. Then in\nher weak, broken English she said:\n\n"Me do something wid dis poor arm; me die for you baby!" She fell back in my arms; and so we\ncarried her to my home, white and insensible.\n\nBut she did not die. The deformed arm had to be severed from the shoulder, but her life was\nsaved; and to-day, surrounded by all that grateful hearts can give, she is one of the happiest\nlittle creatures on the banks of the Nile.\n\nA ST. ULRIC DOLL.\n\nBY THE AUTHOR OF "THE CATSKILL FAIRIES."\n\nThe steam-ship Columbine was crossing the ocean from Liverpool to New York. On the deck the\npassengers walked about, looking at the sea and sky. Occasionally they saw a flock of gulls\ncircling about overhead, or a shoal of dolphins leaping up in the blue waves. Among these passengers\nwas the shy gentleman. Now the shy gentleman was tall and large, with a full brown beard, which\nshould have made him quite bold, but he was not. If a stranger spoke to him, he blushed, and\nif he tried to say something really wise, he merely stammered, so that his meaning was lost.\nAs for tea-cups and wine-glasses, he always broke them with his elbow, or by allowing them\nto slip through his big fingers, while chairs and little tables seemed placed in his way for\nthe sole purpose of his tumbling over them.\n\nIn his cabin was his portmanteau, filled with all sorts of treasures. A Paris doll and her\nwardrobe were given the place of honor. The beautiful blonde hair of this fashionable lady\nmust not be disarranged, and the boxes containing her dresses and gloves, her boots, mantles,\nand parasols, required much space. She was a very important person. In a corner was wedged\nthe case of one of those mechanical bears covered with black fur, and wound up by means of\na key in his side. In the opposite corner were the Venetian lion of St. Mark, made of brass,\ntrinkets of straw and glass, and a little Neapolitan boy in mosaic on the lid of a box. The\nSt. Ulric doll, folded in a bit of tissue-paper, had been allowed to fall down anywhere. She\nwas made of a single stick of wood, with a head carved on top, but without arms or legs, like\nthe Italian babies, who are wound about with cloths until they resemble little mummies.\n\nShe remained quietly where she had been placed, between a flannel waistcoat and a pair of stockings,\nwith her head resting on a meerschaum pipe. She thought of her home, and sighed. Yes, she was\nhomesick, because she loved her own land as only the Tyrolese and the Swiss love their native\nmountains.\n\nThe shy gentleman had bought the St. Ulric doll at a booth under the stone archway of one of\nthe streets of Botzen. He could not carry away with him the beautiful Austrian Tyrol, except\nas pictures in his own mind, and therefore he picked up the droll and ugly little St. Ulric doll.\n\n"When I give the doll to Nelly, I will tell her about the mountain peaks where the hunters\nclimb to shoot the chamois and the black-cock, and the valleys down toward Italy where the\ngrapes ripen, and all about the castles perched like watch-towers along the Brenner route,"\nthought the shy gentleman, wrapping the purchase in the bit of tissue-paper. "I must not forget\nto add that this Brenner Pass, where the traveller of to-day journeys on the railway from Munich\nto Verona, is one of the oldest highways in the world; the Etruscan merchants used to pass\nhere, trading in iron with the Northern nations, long before the Romans."\n\nOne day a tremendous rattling was heard inside the case of the mechanical bear.\n\n"What is the matter? Are you seasick?" inquired the lion of St. Mark.\n\n"No," grumbled the mechanical bear. "I have been standing on my head too long, and if this\nvoyage does not soon end, my machinery will be out of order. I shall growl at the wrong time."\n\n"We must be gifts for children. I hope they will like us," said the St. Ulric doll.\n\n"I hope we shall like them," said the French doll. "I come from a shop window on the Boulevard\ndes Italiens. How can I live out of Paris!"\n\nJust then the lid of the portmanteau was lifted, and a Custom-house officer looked in. The\nsteamer had reached New York.\n\n"Here he is, mamma!" cried a little girl, as a carriage paused before the door of a house on\nGramercy Square.\n\nShe had been looking out of the window. Now she ran down stairs, and opened the front door.\nTwo gentlemen got out of the carriage; one was her uncle Fred, and the other a traveller with\na brown beard, whose arms were full of mysterious parcels and boxes. This was the shy gentleman,\nand Nelly had always found him a good friend. Soon the parcels were distributed. The mosaic\nbox was for mother, the brass lion for Uncle Fred, and all the rest for Nelly. She was wild\nwith delight. The Paris doll fascinated her. All her friends were invited to admire the lady\nfrom the Boulevards. Nelly could not eat, or sleep, or study her lessons. She tried on all\nthe dresses, gloves, bonnets, and shoes.\n\nThe St. Ulric doll had been glanced at, laid on the table, and forgotten. At length Nelly wearied\nof so much splendor, and her mother found the Paris doll too fine for every-day play. Nelly\nnoticed the St. Ulric doll then.\n\n"You have no clothes, poor thing," she said.\n\nShe opened her own work-box, sought in a bag for a piece of blue flannel, and began to sew.\nSoon the St. Ulric doll was clothed. To be sure, her gown was like a bag tied about her neck.\n\nNelly\'s mother, a pretty widow, said, "I did not know he loved me."\n\nNelly whispered to the St. Ulric doll that her mother was to marry the shy gentleman.\n\n"I thought there was a good reason for bringing us across the sea," said the St. Ulric doll\nto the mechanical bear and the Paris lady.\n\nThe latter was out of temper.\n\n"Already the little girl loves you best, because she has made your gown herself," she said.\n\nTHE GRIZZLY BEAR.\n\nThe grizzly bear is the most terrible of all beasts. Its great strength, its enormous size,\nits ferocity, and its courage render it a more formidable enemy than the lion. It ranges the\nwestward-lying slopes of the Rocky Mountains from Mexico to British America, and is a constant\nterror to the regions it inhabits.\n\nThe average length of the grizzly bear is about seven feet, and its weight nine hundred to\na thousand pounds, although much larger specimens have been killed in Arizona and other Southern\nregions.\n\nGrizzlies do not often attack men unless surprised or infuriated, or driven by desperate hunger\nto seize upon everything which crosses their path; but all animals, from a mouse to an enormous\nbuffalo, fall an easy prey to this monarch of the far West.\n\nThe immense daring of the grizzly bear, and its entire confidence in its strength, are evident\nfrom the fact that it will not hesitate to attack buffaloes even when a whole herd are together.\nIt has been known to kill a buffalo with one blow of its terrible fore-paw, and afterward to\ndrag it away and bury it. It can easily dig a hole with its cimeter-like claws, and it usually\nburies what it can not devour, as a store to fall back upon when provisions are scarce.\n\nHunters tell many stories of sharp contests between grizzlies and buffaloes. The bear will\nprowl by the side of a herd, keeping under cover of the bushes until some big fat fellow comes\nwithin easy reach, when it rushes on its victim, and with one blow fells it to the ground.\nThe other buffaloes may rush to the rescue of their comrade, but the powerful grizzly is generally\na match for them all, and instances are rare where the savage beast has been driven to crawl\naway defeated.\n\nThe claws of this beast are longer than a man\'s finger, and are very much prized as ornaments\nby the Indians. To wear a necklace of bear\'s claws, taken from an animal killed by himself,\nis one of the highest ambitions of an Indian brave; for if he is thus decorated, his courage\nand superior strength are acknowledged by his whole tribe. An Indian will sell his horses,\nhis blankets, everything he possesses, but nothing can induce him to part with his bear-claw\nnecklace, which marks him as an invincible warrior. To obtain this coveted prize Indians will\nrun the most extreme risks. Are the enormous foot-prints of a grizzly discovered in the vicinity\nof the camp, the men all set out in hot pursuit, and many a poor Indian has lost his life in\nfierce encounter with this monarch of the mountains. If the bear can be traced to its den among\nthe rocks, the Indians will lay trails of powder leading from the lair in different directions,\nwhich, as they burn, set fire to the dry grass and stubble. As the animal, startled by the\nsmoke and flame, rushes from its hiding-place, the Indians, who lie concealed behind rocks\nand bushes, pelt it with blazing pine knots, and fire volley after volley from their rifles\ninto its body, until some lucky shot enters the heart or brain, and the monster staggers and\nfalls dead to the ground.\n\nThis beast has a strong hold on life, and has often been known to run with great speed, and\neven to swim deep rivers, with twenty or more large rifle-balls in its body. It is so difficult\nto kill, and so furious when aroused, that a hunter will never attack the grizzly single-handed\nif the encounter can be avoided. The hunter may escape by climbing a tree; for although young\ngrizzlies can climb like a cat, the old bears can do nothing more than stand on their hind-legs\nin vain endeavors to reach the branches where the man lies concealed, and growl spitefully.\nTheir extreme heaviness, however, is thought by the Indians to be all that prevents them from\nclimbing.\n\nA hunter once took refuge in a tree from one of these savage beasts, and having vainly discharged\nall his ammunition at the monster, he endeavored to hit it in the eye with cones, thinking\nto drive it away. But the grizzly only became more infuriated, and began a brisk war-dance\naround the tree, howling all the while in a terrible manner. At length the branch upon which\nthe hunter was sitting began to give way, and the unfortunate man felt himself doomed to certain\ndeath. Closing his eyes, he resigned himself to the worst, when, instead of falling, as he\nexpected, into the open jaws of the huge beast, he, together with the heavy branch upon which\nhe had been sitting, landed with a tremendous thump upon the grizzly\'s head. The animal was\nso astonished and frightened at this sudden and unexpected assault, that it took to its heels,\nand soon disappeared in the forest. Such miraculous escapes, however, are not frequent, and\nthe number of Indians and hunters killed by grizzlies is very large.\n\nYoung grizzlies have often been captured, and when very small are as playful and affectionate\nas dogs. But they are not to be trusted, for as they grow older, their savage nature develops,\nand they are liable to become dangerous property. Unless they can be surprised away from the\nmother, their capture is attended by the utmost peril. Nothing can exceed the fury of the mother\nbear if her little ones are molested. Rising on her hind-legs for a moment to survey the object\nof her hatred, she will utter a hoarse "huff, huff, huff," and charge madly, and wary and courageous\nmust be the hunter who can overcome this savage monster.\n\nHunting the grizzly is usually accomplished by parties of men well mounted, and with bands\nof trained dogs, but the huge beast will make a desperate fight for its life, and often severely\nwounds numbers of its assailants before being forced itself to succumb.\n\n]\n\nMINIATURE YACHTS.\n\nOn the preceding page is an illustration of a miniature yacht regatta on the Lake in Prospect\nPark, Brooklyn. In that beautiful Park there are few sights to be seen as beautiful as this.\nThe dainty yachts, perfect in every detail, look like graceful white-winged birds skimming\nover the water, and the announcement of a regatta on the Lake often attracts more spectators\nthan similar announcements of "grown-up" regattas down the bay. Many of these spectators are\nvery critical, and attend these regattas in order to study fine points of sailing, and to learn\nwhat models will show the greatest speed.\n\nThe little yachts are so carefully planned and built that they often serve as models for those\nof many tons. Some of the finest yachts of the New York, Brooklyn, Atlantic, and Seawanhaka\nYacht Clubs are built from models furnished by winners of races and regattas on the lakes of\nCentral and Prospect Parks.\n\nTwo regularly organized and officered clubs, the New York and Brooklyn Miniature Yacht Clubs,\nare the rivals of these lakes, and many exciting match races are sailed between the flyers\nof the two clubs. These races and all the regattas are governed by the regular rules of yachting,\ntime allowances being made for differences of measurement, and the amount of canvas allowed\neach boat, as well as the course to be sailed, being accurately defined.\n\nOf the miniature yachts, schooners of the first class are generally about sixty inches long,\nare heavily sparred--that is, they have very tall masts, long booms, and bow-sprit--and are\nballasted with very deep and heavy lead keels. They are either "built" or "cut"--that is, ribbed\nand planked, or worked out from a single block of wood.\n\nThey carry rudders merely to make them look ship-shape, and are steered entirely by their sails.\nThese are so arranged as to balance fore and aft, and the jib and main sheets are made of elastic\nrubber, so nicely adjusted that if the boat is inclined to sail too close to the wind, the\nmain-sheet stretches, the mainsail is eased off, and she resumes her proper course, with the\nwind free. If she is inclined to "fall off" too much, and run before the wind, the jib-sheet\nstretches, the wind spills out of the jib, and the pressure upon her aftersails quickly brings\nher up on the wind again.\n\nThe fleet at Prospect Park this season numbers some fifty sail, from sixty-inch schooners down\nto ten-inch cat-boats, and contains schooners, sloops, cat-boats, catamarans, and one square-rigged\nsteamer. An English cutter will probably be added to the fleet very soon, and interesting races\nbetween her and the boats of American model are expected.\n\nEASY BOTANY.\n\nJUNE.\n\nJune has many beautiful flowering trees, and many rare and remarkable plants. Some of the anemones\nbloom in April and May, but several wait for June. Among these the rare red anemone is found\non rocky banks in Western Vermont, in Northern New York, and Pennsylvania.\n\nAmong the pines and maples of Cape Ann, at Manchester, Massachusetts, we find the laurel-magnolia,\nor sweet-bay, with silky leaves and buds, and deliciously fragrant cream-white flowers. This\ncharming shrub seems to belong to the South, but has strangely strayed away, and made for itself\na cozy home on the "stern and rock-bound coast" of New England. This magnolia also grows in\nPennsylvania and Southern New York.\n\nBelonging to the same fair family is the tulip-tree, with large tulip-shaped flowers tinged\nwith yellow, orange, and green. These trees are found in rich soil in the Middle, Southern,\nand Western States.\n\nAnother wonderful plant of June is the large water-lily the Nelumbo luteum, or water-chinquepin.\nThis plant apparently belongs to the East Indies, and seems to be nearly related to the pink\nlotus, or sacred bean of India. The American species is rare, being found at but few places;\nbut Connecticut professes to possess it in the Connecticut River, near Lyme; and it is found\nin the Delaware River, near Philadelphia, at Woodstown and Swedesborough, New Jersey, and in\nseveral Western lakes. The leaves are circular, from one to two feet in diameter, and raised\nhigh above the water; the fragrant flowers are pale yellow; the seeds, sunk deeply in a receptacle,\nare as large as acorns.\n\nOur own beautiful white pond-lily is well known and well beloved; and few New-Englanders are\nunfamiliar with the serene ponds and still waters where the lily pods make a carpet on which\nrest the lovely heads of these delicious favorites.\n\nAt Sandwich and Barnstable, Massachusetts, and Kennebunk, Maine, are found lilies of a fine\nrose-color. The common cow-lily, as it is called, though not a beauty like its relatives, is\na pleasing variety, being of a rich yellow color.\n\nNext we come to the wonderful pitcher-plants, whose chosen homes are in the black mud of peat-bogs\nand swamps.\n\nThe one with which we are most familiar is favored not only with a botanical name of seven\nsyllables, but has the common names of side-saddle-flower, pitcher-plant, and hunter\'s-cup--all\nreferring more or less to the curious leaves, which are hollow, and shaped like little pitchers,\nand are always found partly filled with water. The flower, nodding on a tall stalk, is as singular\nas the leaves; it is of a deep reddish-purple color, the petals arching over a little green\numbrella in the centre, which covers the stamens. This striking and interesting plant may be\neasily found by any enterprising young botanist who is not afraid of mud and water, as it grows\nfrom Maine to Illinois and southward.\n\nAnother queer little dweller in bogs and swamps and wet meadows is the sundew, one species\nof which may be found in June, and others later. The leaves of this peculiar plant are covered\nwith fine reddish-brown hairs, or glands, which furnish small drops of fluid, glittering like\ndew-drops.\n\n', 'similarity': 0.9074704051017761}, {'text': '\ufeff"Don\'t be so flippant."\n\n"And don\'t you be so cryptic. What\'s Mrs. Rowley\'s cheerfulness done to you?"\n\n"I\'ll tell you how it happened," she said. "We met; \'twas at a tea, and first of all we talked\nabout committees."\n\n"Committees!" I said. "How glorious! Are there many?"\n\n"Yes," she said. "There\'s the old Relief Committee, and the Belgian Committee, and the Soldiers\'\nComforts\' Committee, and the Hospital Visitors\' Committee, and the Children\'s Meals\' Committee,\nand the Entertainments\' Committee and the----"\n\n"Enough," I said. "I will take the rest for granted. But isn\'t there a danger that with all\nthese committees----?"\n\n"I know," she said; "you\'re going to say something about overlapping."\n\n"Your insight," I said, "is wonderful. How did you know?"\n\n"I\'ve noticed," she said, "that when men form committees they always declare that there sha\'n\'t\nbe any overlapping, and then, according to their own account, they get to work and all overlap\nlike mad. Now we women don\'t worry about overlapping. Most of us don\'t know what it means--I\ndon\'t myself--but we appoint presidents and treasurers and secretaries, and then we go ahead\nand do things. If we were only left to ourselves we should never call a meeting of any committee\nafter we\'d once started it. It\'s the men who insist on committees meeting."\n\n"Yes, and on keeping them from breaking their rules."\n\n"What\'s the use of having committees if you can\'t break their silly old rules?"\n\n"Amiable anarchist," I said, "let us abandon committees and return to Mrs. Rowley."\n\n"Well," she said, "we soon got on to the War."\n\n"You might easily do that," I said. "The subject has its importance. What does Mrs. Rowley\nthink of it?"\n\n"Mrs. Rowley thinks it\'s all perfectly splendid. She hasn\'t the least doubt about anything.\nShe knows the uncle of a man whose cousin is in the War Office and often sees Lord KITCHENER\nin the corridors, and he\'s quite certain----"\n\n"Who? Lord KITCHENER?"\n\n"No, the uncle of the man whose cousin--he\'s quite certain the War will be over in our favour\nbefore next June, because there\'ll be a revolution in Potsdam and thousands of Germans are\nbeing killed in bread-riots every day, and lots of stuff of that sort."\n\n"I understand," I said. "You began to react against it."\n\n"Something of that kind. She was so terribly serene and so dreadfully over-confident that I\ngot contradictious and had to argue with her--simply couldn\'t restrain myself--and then she\nsaid she was sorry I was such a pessimist, and I said I wasn\'t, and here I am."\n\n"Yes," I said, "you are, and in a state of Cimmerian gloom, naturally enough. But you\'ve come\nto the right place--no, by Jove, now that I think of it you\'ve come to the wrong place, the\nvery wrongest place in the world."\n\n"How\'s that?"\n\n"Because I met old Captain Burstall out walking, and he was miserable about everything. According\nto him we haven\'t got a dog\'s chance anywhere. The Government\'s rotten, the Army\'s rotten,\nthe Navy\'s worse and the British Empire\'s going to be smashed up before Easter."\n\n"Captain Burstall\'s the man for my money. If I\'d only met him I should have been as cheerful\nas a lark."\n\n"And that," I said, "is exactly what I am, entirely owing to a natural spirit of contradiction.\nI just pulled myself together and countered him on every point."\n\n"I daresay you did it very well," she said; "but if you\'re as cock-a-hoop as you make out I\ndon\'t see how I\'m ever to get rid of my depression. I shall be starting to contradict you next."\n\n"Which," I said, "will be an entirely novel experience for both of us. But I\'ll tell you a\nbetter way; let\'s keep silent for ten minutes and simmer back to our usual condition of reasonable\nhopefulness."\n\n"I can\'t promise silence," she said, "but I\'ll back myself against the world as a simmerer."\n\nR. C. L.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nSHAKSPEARE to the Slackers:--\n\n    "Dishonour not your mothers; now attest." Henry V., Act III.,\n    Scene I.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nANOTHER AIR SCANDAL.\n\nIf ever I write a Hymn of Hate, or, at any rate, of resentment, it will not be about the Germans,\nbut about a certain type of Englishman whom I encounter far too often and shall never understand.\nThe Germans are now beyond any hymning, however fervent; they are, it is reassuring to think,\na class by themselves. But my man should be hymned, not because it will do him any good, but\nbecause it relieves my feelings.\n\nIt is really rather a curious case, for he might be quite a nice fellow and, I have little\ndoubt, often is; but he boasts and flaunts an inhuman insensibility that excites one\'s worst\npassions.\n\nWhat would you say was the quality or characteristic most to be desired in every member of\nour social common-wealth? Obviously there is only one reply to this question: that he should\nbe decently susceptible to draughts. If society is to go on, either we must all be so pachydermatous\nas to be able to disregard draughts, or we must feel them and act accordingly. There should\nnot be here and there a strange Ishmaelite creature whose delight it is to be played upon by\nboreal blasts. But there is. I meet him in the train, and the other day I hymned him.\n\nO thou (my hymn of dislike, of annoyance, of remonstrance began):--\n\n  O thou, the foe of comfort, heat,\n  O thou who hast the corner seat,\n  Facing the engine, as we say\n  (Although it is so far away,\n    And in between\n    So many coaches intervene,\n  The phrase partakes of foolishness);--\n  O thou who sittest there no less,\n  Keeping the window down\n  Though all the carriage frown,\n    Why dost thou so rejoice in air?\n  Not air that nourishes and braces,\n  Such as one finds in watering-places,\n    But air to chill a polar bear--\n  Malignant air at sixty miles an hour\n    That rakes the carriage fore and aft,\n  Wherein we cower;\n    Not air at all, but sheer revengeful draught!\n  How canst thou like it? Say! How canst thou do it?\n\n  Thou even read\'st a paper through it!\n\n  Know\'st thou no pain?\n    Sciatica or rheumatism\n    Leading to balm or sinapism?\n  Doth influenza pass thee by?\n  Hast never cold or bloodshot eye\n  Like ordinary Christian folk\n    Who sit in draughts against their will\n    And pray they\'ll not be ill?\n  Even in tunnels (this is past a joke)\n  Thou car\'st no rap\n  Nor, as a decent man would, pull\'st the strap,\n  But lett\'st the carriage fill with smoke\n  Till all but thou must choke.\n\n  Why art thou anti-social thus,\n  Why dost thou differ so from us?\n  Thou pig! thou hippopotamus!\n\nI don\'t pretend to be satisfied with these lines. They are not strong, not complete. Mr. JOYNSON-HICKS\nwould have done it more fittingly. Still they might do a little good somewhere, and every little\nhelps.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nOVERTIME.\n\n    "The evidence was that defendants employed six young persons for\n    more than seven days a week."--Provincial Paper.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n    "The organist played as opening voluntaries the \'Bridal March\'\n    from \'Lohengrin,\' Barnaby\'s \'Bridal March\' from \'Lohengrin,\' and\n    Barnaby\'s \'Bridal March.\'"\n\n    Provincial Paper.\n\nIt was evidently BARNABY\'s. Still, we think WAGNER might have been mentioned as his collaborator.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n    "In the current number of the Commonwealth Canon Scott Holland\n    in his own inimical manner endorses all that Mr. Carey has been\n    writing in our columns recently."\n\n    Clerical Paper.\n\nThe Canon appears to be one of those jolly people who slap you on the back as if they would\nknock you down.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nAT THE FRONT.\n\nOf recent days we have almost stopped pretending to be soldiers and owned up to being civilian\nlabourers lodged in the War zone. This is felt so acutely that several leading privates have\nquite discarded that absolute attribute of the infantryman, the rifle. They return from working\nparties completely unarmed, discover the fact with a mild and but half-regretful astonishment\nand report the circumstance to section-commanders as if they had lost one round of small arms\nammunition or the last cube from an iron ration.\n\nThe hobby of the civilian labourer is obstacle-racing. To do this you require a dark night,\nthe assistance of some Royal Engineers, an appointment just behind the front line with some\nsupervisor of labour whom you don\'t know and don\'t specially want to, and a four-mile stretch\nacross country to the rendezvous.\n\nYou start out at nightfall and do good time over the first hundred yards. The field consists\nof forty to eighty labourers, and one of the idle rich (formerly styled officers). At the hundred\nyards\' mark the Royal Engineers begin to come in. Obstacle 1 is a model trench, built for instructional\npurposes and now being turned to obstructional account. There\'s one place where you can get\non to the parades without swimming, and if we started by daylight we might strike it. We do\nnot start by daylight.\n\nBeyond the trench is a wire entanglement, also a fine specimen of early 1915 R.E. work. We\nmay note in passing the trip wire eight yards beyond. We\'re getting pretty good with it now,\nbut in our early days the R.E. used to get a lot of marks for it.\n\nYou go on towards a couple of moated hedges, whimsically barbed in odd spots, and emerge into\na park or open space leading into an unhealthy-looking road. It seems all plain sailing to\nthe road--unless you know the R.E., in which case you will not be surprised to find your neck\nnearly bisected by a horizontal wire designed to encourage telephonic communication.\n\nEventually you all reach an area known for some obscure reason--if for any at all--as "The\nBrigade." Here the R.E. have a new game waiting for you. We call it "Hunt the Shovels." You\nhave been instructed to draw shovels from the Brigade. The term covers a space of some thousand\nsquare metres intersected with hedges, bridges, rivers, dugouts, horseponds (natural and adventitious),\nany square metre of which may contain your shovels.\n\nIf you are not behind time so far this is where you drop a quarter of an hour. Of course you\nmay just get fed up and go home. But in that case you aren\'t allowed to play again, and as\na matter of fact the game is rather de rigueur out here. So you hide your party behind a sign-post,\nwhich tells you--if it were not too dark to read--INFANTRY MUST NOT HALT HERE, and then a lance-corporal\nwith a good nose for shovels looks through the more likely hiding-places. The search is rendered\npleasant as well as interesting by the fact that all the Brigade has been trodden into a morass\nby months of shovel-hunting.\n\nBeyond the Brigade the obstacles really begin. But if you use a revolver freely for wire-cutting\nand rope your party together--this prevents anyone sitting down by the wayside to take his\nboots off "because they draws that bad"--you will reach the rendezvous assigned to you within\nan hour of the time assigned to you. At this point you will learn that no guide has been seen\nor heard of there, and, subsequently, that the guide was warned for another square that certainly\nlooks very similar on the map. But again, if you know guides, you will guess that he went straight\nto the spot where the job was to be done without bothering about anything so intricate or superfluous\nas a rendezvous. Anyhow you will probably end by getting some sort of casual labour somewhere,\nsome time or other, and no questions asked so long as you don\'t inadvertently dig through from\na main drain into a C.O.\'s dugout.\n\n', 'similarity': 0.9051142334938049}, {'text': '\ufeff"My girl," Evellin would often say to Isabel, "the King must be re-instated on his throne,\nor England will fall from her rank among the nations. The standard of public morals must be\nreduced, the mode of thinking be changed, the very aspect of Englishmen undergo a revolution\nbefore the race of this upstart Despot can take root in this island. We have been accustomed\nto look up to our governors as great and good; at least they were surrounded by a blaze of\nancestry and dignity of manners congenial to our feelings of the prescriptive claims of hereditary\nrights. We must be all mercenary soldiers, wild fanatics, pensioned informers, or feudal serfs\ntoiling for daily bread, ere we can patiently endure this revolting system of jealousy and\nsuspicion--this cold, selfish scheme of trick and expedient. Astonishment and terror may awhile\nparalyze the national spirit; the remembered miseries of civil war may render the phantom of\npeace so alluring as to induce many to call a deleterious intoxication felicity. But unless\nCromwell can obliterate every record of what Englishmen were in past ages--unless he can make\nus forget the education, opinions, and hopes of our youth--the labours, sorrows, and wrongs\nof our riper years--his meanness and his crimes;--never--never can the British lion crouch\nat an Usurper\'s form, or the red-cross banner wave graceful over a traitor\'s head."\n\nColonel Evellin was roused from these agreeable reveries by a painful communication from Williams.\nThe means of access which the royalists now had to Cromwell\'s councils enabled them to discover\nthat the vigilance of Morgan had brought together so many charges against Dr. Beaumont, that\nthere seeming no chance of his escaping condemnation, it was resolved to bring him to trial.\nWilliams could not distinctly make out the crimes with which he was charged, except that he\nassisted the late and present King with money; that he used the Liturgy and Church ceremonies\nwith such slight alterations as did not prevent their continuing to be that "form of words"\nand "will-worship" which were forbidden to saints; added to this, he prayed for Charles Stewart;\nand further, there were secret counsels and mysterious contrivances in the family. A private\nchamber had also been found, which, it was evident, had been used for the purpose of concealing\nmalignants. The safety of the state required that these practices should be searched into,\nand that Dr. Beaumont should be tried for contumacy to the government.\n\nThis was all Williams could discover; but beside this open attack, there was a mine ready to\nbe sprung for the Doctor\'s destruction. Lord Bellingham had now lain several years in confinement.\nHis party was believed to be subdued, and his own reputation was so tarnished that he was become\nquite innoxious. Overtures were now made to him, that he should be restored to liberty, and\nto a part of his possessions; but it was hinted at the same time that it would show his acquiescence\nwith the existing government if he would take an active part against an atrocious royalist.\nThe sudden and mysterious disappearance of his son (of whom he had heard no tidings since the\nbattle of Preston) was mentioned; and it was soon understood that it was expected he should\nbring the charge of assassination against Dr. Beaumont, and thus remove all odium from Cromwell.\nSolitude and confinement had wrought no salutary change on this wretched man\'s disposition.\nHis prison-hours were occupied by regrets for the past, distaste at the present, and fears\nfor the future. His affections clung fondly to the wealth and title he had lost; nor could\nhis guilty soul disrobe itself "of those lendings" which vitiated its spiritual essence. If\nhe were again placed in Bellingham-Castle he would repent. He would then devote a large proportion\nof his dearly-purchased estate to charitable purposes; he would seek for Allan Neville and\nhis daughter; were they alive, he would make them happy, or at least place them in affluence;\nhe would erect a monument to the gallant Eustace; he would employ his future life in pious\nduties; in fine, if restored to the enjoyment of the unrighteous Mammon, he would use it in\nsecuring an everlasting inheritance. No angel whispered, "Begin the mighty labour now;" no\nrenovating change took place in his desires. The hour of contrition and repentance was deferred\nwith procrastinating insincerity. Can we then wonder that the man who, in his youth, sacrificed\nhonour and friendship to purchase worldly grandeur, should, in his age, again impawn his conscience\nfor liberty and ease? or that, though he had indeed often deplored the supposed necessity of\nmurdering Eustace Evellin, he should basely yield to become a Tyrant\'s instrument to cut off\nthat Eustace\'s uncle on a charge, which, from what he knew of the Doctor\'s conduct, bore improbability\nand ingratitude in its aspect. Let those who condemn Lord Bellingham beware how they yield\nto the first temptations of guilt. The emulation of an aspiring mind, unchecked by principle,\ndegenerated into envy, hatred, malice, injustice, falsehood, and cruelty. Love for a beautiful\nwoman was polluted by an insatiable craving to rise to the same sphere of life in which she\nmoved; and as it was her exterior loveliness, not her inward graces, that inflamed his desires,\nhe scrupled not to become the instrument of her bad passion; that "love might revel on the\ncouch of state," he performed actions which stamped ignominy on his name, and destroyed his\npeace for ever; and now, in the decline of life, though satiety had taught him the little value\nof all temporal enjoyments, his imagination clung to the dispersing shadows which even experience\nwould not convince him were only phantoms of happiness. Even while he wept the offences he\nhad committed, he yielded to the first temptation to repeat his crimes.\n\nOn the morning fixed for his trial, Dr. Beaumont exhibited an illustration of the scriptural\nprecept, by combining the wisdom of the serpent with the innocence of the dove. Serene, mild,\nthoughtful, acute, and penetrating, he was capable of using every fair occasion to elude his\nenemies, and was able also to submit to the will of Heaven, provided their malice should be\npermitted to triumph. He prepared Constantia for the worst, by assuring her that so many had\nunjustly suffered in these perturbed times that condemnation was no longer considered as an\nevidence of guilt. All the disgrace of a public death was removed by the justice of the cause\nto which he was ready to fall a martyr; and the mere circumstance of his dying as a malefactor\nought not to distress her, since, in the article of pain, he should endure much less; and the\nawakening trial of imprisonment had afforded him leisure to re-consider his ways, and make\nhis peace with God. This singular blessing had supplied the best uses of sickness, without\nits frequent attendant, bodily incapacity. He reminded her of his declining years. "My enemies,"\nsaid he, "can only rob me of the dregs of life. Death hath sent many of his forerunners by\nthe hand of time to inform me that my days are drawing to a close. It was my wish to be useful\nas long as I lived. The new government have done me the honour to think me dangerous. When\nthey immured me in a prison, I considered the loss of liberty as a quietus from my heavenly\nKing, dismissing me from active employments; and I have since endeavoured to improve myself\nin the practice of those passive virtues which are never enough prized by the world, and which\nare often painful rather than pleasant. I have endeavoured after the perfection of patience,\nhumility, and submission; but, my Constantia, I have only endeavoured, and have discovered\nso many unsubdued weaknesses, such a lingering fondness for what I must renounce, that I fear\nnothing but the cold chill of death will benumb those ardent affections which have often led\nme to lament (but, I trust, not to repine) that I was born in these unhappy times. To the last\nI must bemoan the degradation, and crimes of my country, that beloved England, whom, in the\nhumble sphere of a village-rector, I laboured to serve, by making all whom my counsels and\nexample could influence, faithful servants of their God and their King. I feel too the destitution\nof my family (here he faultered and turned aside his face)--principally thee, poor mourner,\ntenderly fostered in thine infancy, and, since then, the child of sorrow. Encourage me by thy\nfirmness, now I am on the eve of the most awful occurence of my life. Imitate the cheerful\nmagnanimity of Isabel. Let me not shudder at the thought of leaving thee a weak, heart-broken\nburden on those who can only pity thy distress; but let me have the comfort of hoping that\nthou wilt behave like a resigned Christian, who, art not so depressed by a sense of thy own\ngrief, as to be incapable of ministering to the woes of others. Allow me to think of thee as\none whose views are not bounded by the grave, and then I shall have no overwhelming terrors\nto distract my attention, or unfit me for improving every fair opportunity for my deliverance.\nBut, should the worst happen, remember, Constantia, I shall continue to exist. Putting on the\ngarment of immortality does not destroy identity. We shall still continue members of that large\nfamily of whom God is the head, the angels being his more exalted servants, and the infernal\nspirits potent rebels, who in vain labour to defeat his purposes. No event can remove us from\nthe superintendance of Providence; no distance of time or country, no difference of station\nor fortune, can hinder the glorified spirits of the faithful from meeting in the same paradise,\nand hearing the same joyful sentence of eternal beatitude. Whether the disembodied souls left\ntheir bodies in the north or in the south, they will all rejoice in the society of each other.\nThe spirits of the patriarchs of old, as well as of those who die to-day in the Lord, will\nmeet in one large community. Console thyself, therefore, with the thought of a future, joyful,\nand eternal re-union; and let that consolation be also an active precept, teaching thee so\nto order thy daily conversation as to complete thy fitness for that re-union."\n\n', 'similarity': 0.9009090065956116}]
- Similarité : 0.90

Plagiat détecté :
- Texte source : ﻿"Yes, that is so," said the manager, beaming.

I leapt for joy. I had thought that there must be a catch somewhere.

"Put me down for a hundred thousand," I said.

The manager nearly fell out of his swing-chair. "My dear Sir," he gasped, "have you any prospect
of being able to save a hundred thousand during the next year or so?"

"Am I a milk-dealer or a munition-worker?" I replied. "I should be both surprised and gratified
if I saved that sum in a year. Still I might do it, you know. I should have to give up tobacco,
of course. Or suppose relations hitherto unknown to me died and left me handsome legacies.
You are always seeing these things in the papers. 'Baker Inherits Half-Million From Lost Australian
Uncle.'"

"A hundred," amended the manager. "Shall we say a hundred? You need not pay a deposit. I'll
give you a form."

"Where's your patriotism?" I demanded. "A hundred, you say? Well, I decline your overdraft.
Keep your ill-gotten much-grudged gain. I'll pay cash."

I left the bank sadly. I had thought of intimating to the blonde, brown and auburn beauties
that I had just put a hundred thousand in War Loan. I had imagined their eyes gleaming at the
spectacle of one-tenth of a millionaire.

And now I can't go to the bank again. At least not till I have worked up my balance a little
above its present total, namely £2 1s. 9d.

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR BOOKING-OFFICE.

(By Mr. Punch's Staff of Learned Clerks.)

If Wishes were Horses (HURST AND BLACKETT) is one of the most engaging novels that I have met
for some time. The matter of it, perhaps, is nothing very new: a story of expanding fortunes
and contracting sympathies. But the writer, Countess BARCYNSKA, has, before all else, the inestimable
gift of making you believe in her people. All the characters are vigorously alive. The result
is that one follows with quite unusual interest the chequered career of her central figure,
Martin Leffley, from his introduction as a frankly unpleasant youth, very red about the ears,
"which was where he always blushed," to the final glimpse of him, titled, an M.P., and, incidentally,
a bowed and better man, purified by the wonderful devotion of Rose, the wife whom throughout
the tale he has bullied and undervalued. Nor is Rose herself, with her unwavering belief in
her clay idol, a less memorable figure. Of the others, my chief affection went to Aunt Polly,
the kindly dealer in old clothes, who imagined the Savile to be a night club. But, as I say,
the whole cast is astonishingly real. Only once did I fear for the story, when it seemed as
though the machinations of a super-villainous M.P. were about to lead it astray into the paths
of melodrama. But the danger proved to be brief, and the unexpected beauty and dignity of the
closing chapter would have redeemed a more serious lapse.

       *       *       *       *       *


- Texte Similaire : [{'text': '\ufeff"No," snarled the master. "By the time you came back with them, if you got them, ten chances\nto one I shouldn\'t want them. When I want things, I want them at once. Yes, I\'d give five dollars\nfor some fresh water-cresses this very minute;" and he again seized his wig and flourished\nit in the air.\n\nWith trembling fingers Cissy opened the gate, and walked in. The servant-man placed the camp-chair\non the ground. The old gentleman sat down in it, first hanging his hair on the back, leaving\nhis head as smooth and shining as an ivory ball, looked at the intruder with keen black eyes,\nand asked, sharply, "Well, what do you want?"\n\n"To give you these water-cresses," she said, with a smile, holding up her apron. "They were\ngathered only a short time ago, and my apron\'s quite clean, sir."\n\n"Bless me!" exclaimed the old gentleman, "what a wonderful coincidence! and"--taking a bunch\nand beginning to eat them--"what fine water-cresses! And I suppose you expect that five dollars,\nfor of course you heard what I said."\n\n"No, sir," said Cissy, shyly, "I never thought of the money. I know you only said that as people\noften say things. I\'m glad to give them to you, sir, because you wanted them so much."\n\nThe old gentleman burst into a loud laugh, put on his wig, and asked her name. And then by\ndegrees he got the whole story from her--the death of the father, the accident that lamed the\nmother, the gift of the cresses from Frank Hillborn, and the five miles yet to go in search\nof work. "And what was your mother\'s name before she was married?" was his last question.\n\n"Prudence Kelly, sir."\n\n"Prudence Kelly! I knew it!" he shouted, springing from his chair. And then, in a still louder\nvoice, he called, "Grace! Grace!" and a pretty young lady came running toward him. "I\'ve found\nyour old nurse, my dear, your faithful old nurse that we have lost sight of for years. This\nis her daughter. And she is in want. Take the carriage and go to her at once. What a blessing\nthat I got up in a scolding humor this morning, and wanted water-cresses! Go with Grace, Cecilia\nmy child, and when you get home, give this five-dollar bill to your friend Frank, and tell\nhim it isn\'t the first time a little act of kindness has brought luck."\n\nVery soon after General Washington was elected President a war broke out between France and\nEngland. It was natural that people in this country should wish to help the French, who had\nhelped us. But General Washington saw that if we once got in the way of taking a part in wars\nbetween other countries, where our own rights were not in danger, we should always be at war.\nHe saw, too, that we were a small nation then, compared to the nations of Europe, and that\nwe might easily lose the freedom we had fought so long for. He dreaded to put our freedom in\ndanger unless compelled to. So he issued an order to the people, as he had a right to do, not\nto take part with one nation or the other, but to mind their own business.\n\nThis was wise, because the British government was only too ready to pick a quarrel with us.\nGeneral Washington also went further. He made a treaty of peace and commerce with Great Britain,\nwhich kept war from our shores for twenty years, and gave the country a chance to grow. The\npeople did not like this treaty much. There was a great deal of ill-feeling toward Great Britain,\ngrowing out of the long fight we had had with her. But General Washington, who was ready to\nfight for real rights, felt that it was wrong to get into a quarrel from mere angry feeling.\nHe was very anxious to keep the two countries at peace until their people could get calm, and\ngo to trading with each other, and learn to live together in friendship. Surely this was both\nsensible and good. It was fortunate for the country that a man was at the head of its government\nwise enough to see what was right, and firm enough to do it.\n\nJust at the time Washington was elected President, the French people rose against their government,\nwhich had many faults, and drove away many of their rulers, and cut off their King\'s head.\nAmong the leaders was Lafayette, who, however, was no party to the cruelties which were practiced.\nThe other kings of Europe undertook to restore the King of France to power, and in the war\nwhich followed Lafayette was taken prisoner and closely confined. His wife wrote to Washington,\nasking him to try and get Lafayette released. Washington gladly did all that he could, but\nit was of no use. However, he sent money to Madame Lafayette, for her property had been taken\naway, and he brought over to this country one of Lafayette\'s sons, and took him into his family,\nand cared for him as if he were his own. The boy was named after Washington, and always remembered\nthe President\'s kindness with thankfulness.\n\nWhen the first term of four years for which Washington was elected came to an end, he was chosen\nagain, without a single vote against him, though he was very anxious to go back to private life.\n\nFinally, at the end of his second term, when he had been eight years President, he refused\nto serve any longer. Just as he had written a farewell address to his soldiers, after being\neight years in command, he now wrote a farewell address to the American people. I hope all\nmy young readers will read it as soon as they are old enough to understand it. It is written\nin a quaint and somewhat stiff style, for Washington always found it easier to act than to\ntalk or write; but it is full of wisdom. Even now, eighty-four years after it was written,\nthere is much in it which we ought to remember and try to carry out.\n\nIt was the spring of 1797 when Washington gave up the President\'s office, and returned to Mount\nVernon. He had visited his beloved home frequently during his Presidency, and had kept a very\ncareful watch over it in his absence. Again he took up with great delight the old round of\npeaceful duties. Every day he was up before the sun. Every day he was in the saddle, riding\nover his large farms, watching his laborers and his crops, planning changes and directing work.\nIn the evening he saw much company--many, indeed, who had little claim on him, who came from\nidle curiosity, and wearied him with their presence. But he was always courteous. He enjoyed\nthe society of his family and friends very keenly. He had no children of his own, but he had\nreared first the children, and afterward two of the grandchildren, of his wife in his home.\nHe took great pleasure with them, and was as merry as he was loving. He hoped to live the remainder\nof his days in quiet in this circle.\n\n[TO BE CONTINUED.]\n\nLITTLE FATIMA.\n\nBY SARA KEABLES HUNT.\n\nIt was a beautiful Oriental picture, and I paused in my walk along the banks of the Nile to\nsketch her, that dark-eyed Arab girl, as she half reclined in the sand, the western sunlight\nflickering through the green boughs of a clump of palms, and falling upon the upturned face\nand purplish braids with their glitter of gold coins. In the background were a few broken columns,\nrelic of some past grandeur, and at a little distance a camel crouched in the sand, gazing\nas mournfully as the Sphynx across the desert. The flowing Eastern dress of the child was pushed\nback from one beautifully rounded arm, but the other was concealed, as if she had tried to\nhide it from even the sunlight. It was crippled and pitifully deformed.\n\nPoor little Fatima! I knew her sensitive spirit, and I put my pencil out of sight as I came\nnearer, for I saw on her face the shadow of a restless discontent. She smiled as she bade me\nwelcome, but it was a sad smile, and changed to tears as she spoke.\n\n"I am of no use," she said in Arabic. "If I were a boy, they would care for me; but a girl!\nThey scorn me and my disfigured arm. I can never do any good in the world; never, never. And,\noh, lady, there is a soul within me that longs to do something for somebody! I want to accomplish\nsomething; not to sit here day after day making figures in the sand, only to see them drift\nback again into a dull level. But I shall live in vain. What can I do with this poor crippled arm?"\n\nIt was a difficult task to soothe her; but I think, after awhile, she felt that the great Allah\nhad done all things well, and peace crept over her tired little heart.\n\n"But, dear child," I said, as I left her, "it may be that you can do more good with your one\narm than I ever can with my two. We do not know what may happen."\n\nAnd so I went home to my little cottage, taking the field path instead of the railroad track,\nas I usually did. When I reached the house, and called for my little girl-baby, who often came\ntoddling out to meet me, all was silent, and in answer to my inquiries the nurse said she had\njust gone down the track a little way to meet me.\n\n"Down the track! Oh, the train! the train! It\'s time for the train! Why do you stand here idle?\nCall Hassan and Mahomet. Run, and save her!"\n\nI rushed wildly along the embankment. How plain it all is to me now, even to the bits of pottery\ngleaming in the sand, and the distant echo of an Arab\'s song as it floated over the hills!\nI saw the white dress of my darling far ahead, and stumbled on--how, I hardly knew. The train\nwas coming! I could hear it plunging on; I could see the fearful light. Oh, if I might reach her!\n\nBut who is that? Can it be Fatima? It is Fatima, waving her arms wildly as she speeds onward.\nShe is on the bank! She is there! She grasps the child! And the train plunges past me with\na wild glare; and there, before me, is my baby, my golden-haired baby, safe and unharmed, but\nFatima lay dying on the iron rail. I clasped her to my heart, and called her name amid my sobs.\nShe lifted the long, dark eyelashes, and smiled. "Allah be praised!" she murmured. Then in\nher weak, broken English she said:\n\n"Me do something wid dis poor arm; me die for you baby!" She fell back in my arms; and so we\ncarried her to my home, white and insensible.\n\nBut she did not die. The deformed arm had to be severed from the shoulder, but her life was\nsaved; and to-day, surrounded by all that grateful hearts can give, she is one of the happiest\nlittle creatures on the banks of the Nile.\n\nA ST. ULRIC DOLL.\n\nBY THE AUTHOR OF "THE CATSKILL FAIRIES."\n\nThe steam-ship Columbine was crossing the ocean from Liverpool to New York. On the deck the\npassengers walked about, looking at the sea and sky. Occasionally they saw a flock of gulls\ncircling about overhead, or a shoal of dolphins leaping up in the blue waves. Among these passengers\nwas the shy gentleman. Now the shy gentleman was tall and large, with a full brown beard, which\nshould have made him quite bold, but he was not. If a stranger spoke to him, he blushed, and\nif he tried to say something really wise, he merely stammered, so that his meaning was lost.\nAs for tea-cups and wine-glasses, he always broke them with his elbow, or by allowing them\nto slip through his big fingers, while chairs and little tables seemed placed in his way for\nthe sole purpose of his tumbling over them.\n\nIn his cabin was his portmanteau, filled with all sorts of treasures. A Paris doll and her\nwardrobe were given the place of honor. The beautiful blonde hair of this fashionable lady\nmust not be disarranged, and the boxes containing her dresses and gloves, her boots, mantles,\nand parasols, required much space. She was a very important person. In a corner was wedged\nthe case of one of those mechanical bears covered with black fur, and wound up by means of\na key in his side. In the opposite corner were the Venetian lion of St. Mark, made of brass,\ntrinkets of straw and glass, and a little Neapolitan boy in mosaic on the lid of a box. The\nSt. Ulric doll, folded in a bit of tissue-paper, had been allowed to fall down anywhere. She\nwas made of a single stick of wood, with a head carved on top, but without arms or legs, like\nthe Italian babies, who are wound about with cloths until they resemble little mummies.\n\nShe remained quietly where she had been placed, between a flannel waistcoat and a pair of stockings,\nwith her head resting on a meerschaum pipe. She thought of her home, and sighed. Yes, she was\nhomesick, because she loved her own land as only the Tyrolese and the Swiss love their native\nmountains.\n\nThe shy gentleman had bought the St. Ulric doll at a booth under the stone archway of one of\nthe streets of Botzen. He could not carry away with him the beautiful Austrian Tyrol, except\nas pictures in his own mind, and therefore he picked up the droll and ugly little St. Ulric doll.\n\n"When I give the doll to Nelly, I will tell her about the mountain peaks where the hunters\nclimb to shoot the chamois and the black-cock, and the valleys down toward Italy where the\ngrapes ripen, and all about the castles perched like watch-towers along the Brenner route,"\nthought the shy gentleman, wrapping the purchase in the bit of tissue-paper. "I must not forget\nto add that this Brenner Pass, where the traveller of to-day journeys on the railway from Munich\nto Verona, is one of the oldest highways in the world; the Etruscan merchants used to pass\nhere, trading in iron with the Northern nations, long before the Romans."\n\nOne day a tremendous rattling was heard inside the case of the mechanical bear.\n\n"What is the matter? Are you seasick?" inquired the lion of St. Mark.\n\n"No," grumbled the mechanical bear. "I have been standing on my head too long, and if this\nvoyage does not soon end, my machinery will be out of order. I shall growl at the wrong time."\n\n"We must be gifts for children. I hope they will like us," said the St. Ulric doll.\n\n"I hope we shall like them," said the French doll. "I come from a shop window on the Boulevard\ndes Italiens. How can I live out of Paris!"\n\nJust then the lid of the portmanteau was lifted, and a Custom-house officer looked in. The\nsteamer had reached New York.\n\n"Here he is, mamma!" cried a little girl, as a carriage paused before the door of a house on\nGramercy Square.\n\nShe had been looking out of the window. Now she ran down stairs, and opened the front door.\nTwo gentlemen got out of the carriage; one was her uncle Fred, and the other a traveller with\na brown beard, whose arms were full of mysterious parcels and boxes. This was the shy gentleman,\nand Nelly had always found him a good friend. Soon the parcels were distributed. The mosaic\nbox was for mother, the brass lion for Uncle Fred, and all the rest for Nelly. She was wild\nwith delight. The Paris doll fascinated her. All her friends were invited to admire the lady\nfrom the Boulevards. Nelly could not eat, or sleep, or study her lessons. She tried on all\nthe dresses, gloves, bonnets, and shoes.\n\nThe St. Ulric doll had been glanced at, laid on the table, and forgotten. At length Nelly wearied\nof so much splendor, and her mother found the Paris doll too fine for every-day play. Nelly\nnoticed the St. Ulric doll then.\n\n"You have no clothes, poor thing," she said.\n\nShe opened her own work-box, sought in a bag for a piece of blue flannel, and began to sew.\nSoon the St. Ulric doll was clothed. To be sure, her gown was like a bag tied about her neck.\n\nNelly\'s mother, a pretty widow, said, "I did not know he loved me."\n\nNelly whispered to the St. Ulric doll that her mother was to marry the shy gentleman.\n\n"I thought there was a good reason for bringing us across the sea," said the St. Ulric doll\nto the mechanical bear and the Paris lady.\n\nThe latter was out of temper.\n\n"Already the little girl loves you best, because she has made your gown herself," she said.\n\nTHE GRIZZLY BEAR.\n\nThe grizzly bear is the most terrible of all beasts. Its great strength, its enormous size,\nits ferocity, and its courage render it a more formidable enemy than the lion. It ranges the\nwestward-lying slopes of the Rocky Mountains from Mexico to British America, and is a constant\nterror to the regions it inhabits.\n\nThe average length of the grizzly bear is about seven feet, and its weight nine hundred to\na thousand pounds, although much larger specimens have been killed in Arizona and other Southern\nregions.\n\nGrizzlies do not often attack men unless surprised or infuriated, or driven by desperate hunger\nto seize upon everything which crosses their path; but all animals, from a mouse to an enormous\nbuffalo, fall an easy prey to this monarch of the far West.\n\nThe immense daring of the grizzly bear, and its entire confidence in its strength, are evident\nfrom the fact that it will not hesitate to attack buffaloes even when a whole herd are together.\nIt has been known to kill a buffalo with one blow of its terrible fore-paw, and afterward to\ndrag it away and bury it. It can easily dig a hole with its cimeter-like claws, and it usually\nburies what it can not devour, as a store to fall back upon when provisions are scarce.\n\nHunters tell many stories of sharp contests between grizzlies and buffaloes. The bear will\nprowl by the side of a herd, keeping under cover of the bushes until some big fat fellow comes\nwithin easy reach, when it rushes on its victim, and with one blow fells it to the ground.\nThe other buffaloes may rush to the rescue of their comrade, but the powerful grizzly is generally\na match for them all, and instances are rare where the savage beast has been driven to crawl\naway defeated.\n\nThe claws of this beast are longer than a man\'s finger, and are very much prized as ornaments\nby the Indians. To wear a necklace of bear\'s claws, taken from an animal killed by himself,\nis one of the highest ambitions of an Indian brave; for if he is thus decorated, his courage\nand superior strength are acknowledged by his whole tribe. An Indian will sell his horses,\nhis blankets, everything he possesses, but nothing can induce him to part with his bear-claw\nnecklace, which marks him as an invincible warrior. To obtain this coveted prize Indians will\nrun the most extreme risks. Are the enormous foot-prints of a grizzly discovered in the vicinity\nof the camp, the men all set out in hot pursuit, and many a poor Indian has lost his life in\nfierce encounter with this monarch of the mountains. If the bear can be traced to its den among\nthe rocks, the Indians will lay trails of powder leading from the lair in different directions,\nwhich, as they burn, set fire to the dry grass and stubble. As the animal, startled by the\nsmoke and flame, rushes from its hiding-place, the Indians, who lie concealed behind rocks\nand bushes, pelt it with blazing pine knots, and fire volley after volley from their rifles\ninto its body, until some lucky shot enters the heart or brain, and the monster staggers and\nfalls dead to the ground.\n\nThis beast has a strong hold on life, and has often been known to run with great speed, and\neven to swim deep rivers, with twenty or more large rifle-balls in its body. It is so difficult\nto kill, and so furious when aroused, that a hunter will never attack the grizzly single-handed\nif the encounter can be avoided. The hunter may escape by climbing a tree; for although young\ngrizzlies can climb like a cat, the old bears can do nothing more than stand on their hind-legs\nin vain endeavors to reach the branches where the man lies concealed, and growl spitefully.\nTheir extreme heaviness, however, is thought by the Indians to be all that prevents them from\nclimbing.\n\nA hunter once took refuge in a tree from one of these savage beasts, and having vainly discharged\nall his ammunition at the monster, he endeavored to hit it in the eye with cones, thinking\nto drive it away. But the grizzly only became more infuriated, and began a brisk war-dance\naround the tree, howling all the while in a terrible manner. At length the branch upon which\nthe hunter was sitting began to give way, and the unfortunate man felt himself doomed to certain\ndeath. Closing his eyes, he resigned himself to the worst, when, instead of falling, as he\nexpected, into the open jaws of the huge beast, he, together with the heavy branch upon which\nhe had been sitting, landed with a tremendous thump upon the grizzly\'s head. The animal was\nso astonished and frightened at this sudden and unexpected assault, that it took to its heels,\nand soon disappeared in the forest. Such miraculous escapes, however, are not frequent, and\nthe number of Indians and hunters killed by grizzlies is very large.\n\nYoung grizzlies have often been captured, and when very small are as playful and affectionate\nas dogs. But they are not to be trusted, for as they grow older, their savage nature develops,\nand they are liable to become dangerous property. Unless they can be surprised away from the\nmother, their capture is attended by the utmost peril. Nothing can exceed the fury of the mother\nbear if her little ones are molested. Rising on her hind-legs for a moment to survey the object\nof her hatred, she will utter a hoarse "huff, huff, huff," and charge madly, and wary and courageous\nmust be the hunter who can overcome this savage monster.\n\nHunting the grizzly is usually accomplished by parties of men well mounted, and with bands\nof trained dogs, but the huge beast will make a desperate fight for its life, and often severely\nwounds numbers of its assailants before being forced itself to succumb.\n\n]\n\nMINIATURE YACHTS.\n\nOn the preceding page is an illustration of a miniature yacht regatta on the Lake in Prospect\nPark, Brooklyn. In that beautiful Park there are few sights to be seen as beautiful as this.\nThe dainty yachts, perfect in every detail, look like graceful white-winged birds skimming\nover the water, and the announcement of a regatta on the Lake often attracts more spectators\nthan similar announcements of "grown-up" regattas down the bay. Many of these spectators are\nvery critical, and attend these regattas in order to study fine points of sailing, and to learn\nwhat models will show the greatest speed.\n\nThe little yachts are so carefully planned and built that they often serve as models for those\nof many tons. Some of the finest yachts of the New York, Brooklyn, Atlantic, and Seawanhaka\nYacht Clubs are built from models furnished by winners of races and regattas on the lakes of\nCentral and Prospect Parks.\n\nTwo regularly organized and officered clubs, the New York and Brooklyn Miniature Yacht Clubs,\nare the rivals of these lakes, and many exciting match races are sailed between the flyers\nof the two clubs. These races and all the regattas are governed by the regular rules of yachting,\ntime allowances being made for differences of measurement, and the amount of canvas allowed\neach boat, as well as the course to be sailed, being accurately defined.\n\nOf the miniature yachts, schooners of the first class are generally about sixty inches long,\nare heavily sparred--that is, they have very tall masts, long booms, and bow-sprit--and are\nballasted with very deep and heavy lead keels. They are either "built" or "cut"--that is, ribbed\nand planked, or worked out from a single block of wood.\n\nThey carry rudders merely to make them look ship-shape, and are steered entirely by their sails.\nThese are so arranged as to balance fore and aft, and the jib and main sheets are made of elastic\nrubber, so nicely adjusted that if the boat is inclined to sail too close to the wind, the\nmain-sheet stretches, the mainsail is eased off, and she resumes her proper course, with the\nwind free. If she is inclined to "fall off" too much, and run before the wind, the jib-sheet\nstretches, the wind spills out of the jib, and the pressure upon her aftersails quickly brings\nher up on the wind again.\n\nThe fleet at Prospect Park this season numbers some fifty sail, from sixty-inch schooners down\nto ten-inch cat-boats, and contains schooners, sloops, cat-boats, catamarans, and one square-rigged\nsteamer. An English cutter will probably be added to the fleet very soon, and interesting races\nbetween her and the boats of American model are expected.\n\nEASY BOTANY.\n\nJUNE.\n\nJune has many beautiful flowering trees, and many rare and remarkable plants. Some of the anemones\nbloom in April and May, but several wait for June. Among these the rare red anemone is found\non rocky banks in Western Vermont, in Northern New York, and Pennsylvania.\n\nAmong the pines and maples of Cape Ann, at Manchester, Massachusetts, we find the laurel-magnolia,\nor sweet-bay, with silky leaves and buds, and deliciously fragrant cream-white flowers. This\ncharming shrub seems to belong to the South, but has strangely strayed away, and made for itself\na cozy home on the "stern and rock-bound coast" of New England. This magnolia also grows in\nPennsylvania and Southern New York.\n\nBelonging to the same fair family is the tulip-tree, with large tulip-shaped flowers tinged\nwith yellow, orange, and green. These trees are found in rich soil in the Middle, Southern,\nand Western States.\n\nAnother wonderful plant of June is the large water-lily the Nelumbo luteum, or water-chinquepin.\nThis plant apparently belongs to the East Indies, and seems to be nearly related to the pink\nlotus, or sacred bean of India. The American species is rare, being found at but few places;\nbut Connecticut professes to possess it in the Connecticut River, near Lyme; and it is found\nin the Delaware River, near Philadelphia, at Woodstown and Swedesborough, New Jersey, and in\nseveral Western lakes. The leaves are circular, from one to two feet in diameter, and raised\nhigh above the water; the fragrant flowers are pale yellow; the seeds, sunk deeply in a receptacle,\nare as large as acorns.\n\nOur own beautiful white pond-lily is well known and well beloved; and few New-Englanders are\nunfamiliar with the serene ponds and still waters where the lily pods make a carpet on which\nrest the lovely heads of these delicious favorites.\n\nAt Sandwich and Barnstable, Massachusetts, and Kennebunk, Maine, are found lilies of a fine\nrose-color. The common cow-lily, as it is called, though not a beauty like its relatives, is\na pleasing variety, being of a rich yellow color.\n\nNext we come to the wonderful pitcher-plants, whose chosen homes are in the black mud of peat-bogs\nand swamps.\n\nThe one with which we are most familiar is favored not only with a botanical name of seven\nsyllables, but has the common names of side-saddle-flower, pitcher-plant, and hunter\'s-cup--all\nreferring more or less to the curious leaves, which are hollow, and shaped like little pitchers,\nand are always found partly filled with water. The flower, nodding on a tall stalk, is as singular\nas the leaves; it is of a deep reddish-purple color, the petals arching over a little green\numbrella in the centre, which covers the stamens. This striking and interesting plant may be\neasily found by any enterprising young botanist who is not afraid of mud and water, as it grows\nfrom Maine to Illinois and southward.\n\nAnother queer little dweller in bogs and swamps and wet meadows is the sundew, one species\nof which may be found in June, and others later. The leaves of this peculiar plant are covered\nwith fine reddish-brown hairs, or glands, which furnish small drops of fluid, glittering like\ndew-drops.\n\n', 'similarity': 0.9074704051017761}, {'text': '\ufeff"Don\'t be so flippant."\n\n"And don\'t you be so cryptic. What\'s Mrs. Rowley\'s cheerfulness done to you?"\n\n"I\'ll tell you how it happened," she said. "We met; \'twas at a tea, and first of all we talked\nabout committees."\n\n"Committees!" I said. "How glorious! Are there many?"\n\n"Yes," she said. "There\'s the old Relief Committee, and the Belgian Committee, and the Soldiers\'\nComforts\' Committee, and the Hospital Visitors\' Committee, and the Children\'s Meals\' Committee,\nand the Entertainments\' Committee and the----"\n\n"Enough," I said. "I will take the rest for granted. But isn\'t there a danger that with all\nthese committees----?"\n\n"I know," she said; "you\'re going to say something about overlapping."\n\n"Your insight," I said, "is wonderful. How did you know?"\n\n"I\'ve noticed," she said, "that when men form committees they always declare that there sha\'n\'t\nbe any overlapping, and then, according to their own account, they get to work and all overlap\nlike mad. Now we women don\'t worry about overlapping. Most of us don\'t know what it means--I\ndon\'t myself--but we appoint presidents and treasurers and secretaries, and then we go ahead\nand do things. If we were only left to ourselves we should never call a meeting of any committee\nafter we\'d once started it. It\'s the men who insist on committees meeting."\n\n"Yes, and on keeping them from breaking their rules."\n\n"What\'s the use of having committees if you can\'t break their silly old rules?"\n\n"Amiable anarchist," I said, "let us abandon committees and return to Mrs. Rowley."\n\n"Well," she said, "we soon got on to the War."\n\n"You might easily do that," I said. "The subject has its importance. What does Mrs. Rowley\nthink of it?"\n\n"Mrs. Rowley thinks it\'s all perfectly splendid. She hasn\'t the least doubt about anything.\nShe knows the uncle of a man whose cousin is in the War Office and often sees Lord KITCHENER\nin the corridors, and he\'s quite certain----"\n\n"Who? Lord KITCHENER?"\n\n"No, the uncle of the man whose cousin--he\'s quite certain the War will be over in our favour\nbefore next June, because there\'ll be a revolution in Potsdam and thousands of Germans are\nbeing killed in bread-riots every day, and lots of stuff of that sort."\n\n"I understand," I said. "You began to react against it."\n\n"Something of that kind. She was so terribly serene and so dreadfully over-confident that I\ngot contradictious and had to argue with her--simply couldn\'t restrain myself--and then she\nsaid she was sorry I was such a pessimist, and I said I wasn\'t, and here I am."\n\n"Yes," I said, "you are, and in a state of Cimmerian gloom, naturally enough. But you\'ve come\nto the right place--no, by Jove, now that I think of it you\'ve come to the wrong place, the\nvery wrongest place in the world."\n\n"How\'s that?"\n\n"Because I met old Captain Burstall out walking, and he was miserable about everything. According\nto him we haven\'t got a dog\'s chance anywhere. The Government\'s rotten, the Army\'s rotten,\nthe Navy\'s worse and the British Empire\'s going to be smashed up before Easter."\n\n"Captain Burstall\'s the man for my money. If I\'d only met him I should have been as cheerful\nas a lark."\n\n"And that," I said, "is exactly what I am, entirely owing to a natural spirit of contradiction.\nI just pulled myself together and countered him on every point."\n\n"I daresay you did it very well," she said; "but if you\'re as cock-a-hoop as you make out I\ndon\'t see how I\'m ever to get rid of my depression. I shall be starting to contradict you next."\n\n"Which," I said, "will be an entirely novel experience for both of us. But I\'ll tell you a\nbetter way; let\'s keep silent for ten minutes and simmer back to our usual condition of reasonable\nhopefulness."\n\n"I can\'t promise silence," she said, "but I\'ll back myself against the world as a simmerer."\n\nR. C. L.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nSHAKSPEARE to the Slackers:--\n\n    "Dishonour not your mothers; now attest." Henry V., Act III.,\n    Scene I.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nANOTHER AIR SCANDAL.\n\nIf ever I write a Hymn of Hate, or, at any rate, of resentment, it will not be about the Germans,\nbut about a certain type of Englishman whom I encounter far too often and shall never understand.\nThe Germans are now beyond any hymning, however fervent; they are, it is reassuring to think,\na class by themselves. But my man should be hymned, not because it will do him any good, but\nbecause it relieves my feelings.\n\nIt is really rather a curious case, for he might be quite a nice fellow and, I have little\ndoubt, often is; but he boasts and flaunts an inhuman insensibility that excites one\'s worst\npassions.\n\nWhat would you say was the quality or characteristic most to be desired in every member of\nour social common-wealth? Obviously there is only one reply to this question: that he should\nbe decently susceptible to draughts. If society is to go on, either we must all be so pachydermatous\nas to be able to disregard draughts, or we must feel them and act accordingly. There should\nnot be here and there a strange Ishmaelite creature whose delight it is to be played upon by\nboreal blasts. But there is. I meet him in the train, and the other day I hymned him.\n\nO thou (my hymn of dislike, of annoyance, of remonstrance began):--\n\n  O thou, the foe of comfort, heat,\n  O thou who hast the corner seat,\n  Facing the engine, as we say\n  (Although it is so far away,\n    And in between\n    So many coaches intervene,\n  The phrase partakes of foolishness);--\n  O thou who sittest there no less,\n  Keeping the window down\n  Though all the carriage frown,\n    Why dost thou so rejoice in air?\n  Not air that nourishes and braces,\n  Such as one finds in watering-places,\n    But air to chill a polar bear--\n  Malignant air at sixty miles an hour\n    That rakes the carriage fore and aft,\n  Wherein we cower;\n    Not air at all, but sheer revengeful draught!\n  How canst thou like it? Say! How canst thou do it?\n\n  Thou even read\'st a paper through it!\n\n  Know\'st thou no pain?\n    Sciatica or rheumatism\n    Leading to balm or sinapism?\n  Doth influenza pass thee by?\n  Hast never cold or bloodshot eye\n  Like ordinary Christian folk\n    Who sit in draughts against their will\n    And pray they\'ll not be ill?\n  Even in tunnels (this is past a joke)\n  Thou car\'st no rap\n  Nor, as a decent man would, pull\'st the strap,\n  But lett\'st the carriage fill with smoke\n  Till all but thou must choke.\n\n  Why art thou anti-social thus,\n  Why dost thou differ so from us?\n  Thou pig! thou hippopotamus!\n\nI don\'t pretend to be satisfied with these lines. They are not strong, not complete. Mr. JOYNSON-HICKS\nwould have done it more fittingly. Still they might do a little good somewhere, and every little\nhelps.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nOVERTIME.\n\n    "The evidence was that defendants employed six young persons for\n    more than seven days a week."--Provincial Paper.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n    "The organist played as opening voluntaries the \'Bridal March\'\n    from \'Lohengrin,\' Barnaby\'s \'Bridal March\' from \'Lohengrin,\' and\n    Barnaby\'s \'Bridal March.\'"\n\n    Provincial Paper.\n\nIt was evidently BARNABY\'s. Still, we think WAGNER might have been mentioned as his collaborator.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n    "In the current number of the Commonwealth Canon Scott Holland\n    in his own inimical manner endorses all that Mr. Carey has been\n    writing in our columns recently."\n\n    Clerical Paper.\n\nThe Canon appears to be one of those jolly people who slap you on the back as if they would\nknock you down.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nAT THE FRONT.\n\nOf recent days we have almost stopped pretending to be soldiers and owned up to being civilian\nlabourers lodged in the War zone. This is felt so acutely that several leading privates have\nquite discarded that absolute attribute of the infantryman, the rifle. They return from working\nparties completely unarmed, discover the fact with a mild and but half-regretful astonishment\nand report the circumstance to section-commanders as if they had lost one round of small arms\nammunition or the last cube from an iron ration.\n\nThe hobby of the civilian labourer is obstacle-racing. To do this you require a dark night,\nthe assistance of some Royal Engineers, an appointment just behind the front line with some\nsupervisor of labour whom you don\'t know and don\'t specially want to, and a four-mile stretch\nacross country to the rendezvous.\n\nYou start out at nightfall and do good time over the first hundred yards. The field consists\nof forty to eighty labourers, and one of the idle rich (formerly styled officers). At the hundred\nyards\' mark the Royal Engineers begin to come in. Obstacle 1 is a model trench, built for instructional\npurposes and now being turned to obstructional account. There\'s one place where you can get\non to the parades without swimming, and if we started by daylight we might strike it. We do\nnot start by daylight.\n\nBeyond the trench is a wire entanglement, also a fine specimen of early 1915 R.E. work. We\nmay note in passing the trip wire eight yards beyond. We\'re getting pretty good with it now,\nbut in our early days the R.E. used to get a lot of marks for it.\n\nYou go on towards a couple of moated hedges, whimsically barbed in odd spots, and emerge into\na park or open space leading into an unhealthy-looking road. It seems all plain sailing to\nthe road--unless you know the R.E., in which case you will not be surprised to find your neck\nnearly bisected by a horizontal wire designed to encourage telephonic communication.\n\nEventually you all reach an area known for some obscure reason--if for any at all--as "The\nBrigade." Here the R.E. have a new game waiting for you. We call it "Hunt the Shovels." You\nhave been instructed to draw shovels from the Brigade. The term covers a space of some thousand\nsquare metres intersected with hedges, bridges, rivers, dugouts, horseponds (natural and adventitious),\nany square metre of which may contain your shovels.\n\nIf you are not behind time so far this is where you drop a quarter of an hour. Of course you\nmay just get fed up and go home. But in that case you aren\'t allowed to play again, and as\na matter of fact the game is rather de rigueur out here. So you hide your party behind a sign-post,\nwhich tells you--if it were not too dark to read--INFANTRY MUST NOT HALT HERE, and then a lance-corporal\nwith a good nose for shovels looks through the more likely hiding-places. The search is rendered\npleasant as well as interesting by the fact that all the Brigade has been trodden into a morass\nby months of shovel-hunting.\n\nBeyond the Brigade the obstacles really begin. But if you use a revolver freely for wire-cutting\nand rope your party together--this prevents anyone sitting down by the wayside to take his\nboots off "because they draws that bad"--you will reach the rendezvous assigned to you within\nan hour of the time assigned to you. At this point you will learn that no guide has been seen\nor heard of there, and, subsequently, that the guide was warned for another square that certainly\nlooks very similar on the map. But again, if you know guides, you will guess that he went straight\nto the spot where the job was to be done without bothering about anything so intricate or superfluous\nas a rendezvous. Anyhow you will probably end by getting some sort of casual labour somewhere,\nsome time or other, and no questions asked so long as you don\'t inadvertently dig through from\na main drain into a C.O.\'s dugout.\n\n', 'similarity': 0.9051142334938049}, {'text': '\ufeff"My girl," Evellin would often say to Isabel, "the King must be re-instated on his throne,\nor England will fall from her rank among the nations. The standard of public morals must be\nreduced, the mode of thinking be changed, the very aspect of Englishmen undergo a revolution\nbefore the race of this upstart Despot can take root in this island. We have been accustomed\nto look up to our governors as great and good; at least they were surrounded by a blaze of\nancestry and dignity of manners congenial to our feelings of the prescriptive claims of hereditary\nrights. We must be all mercenary soldiers, wild fanatics, pensioned informers, or feudal serfs\ntoiling for daily bread, ere we can patiently endure this revolting system of jealousy and\nsuspicion--this cold, selfish scheme of trick and expedient. Astonishment and terror may awhile\nparalyze the national spirit; the remembered miseries of civil war may render the phantom of\npeace so alluring as to induce many to call a deleterious intoxication felicity. But unless\nCromwell can obliterate every record of what Englishmen were in past ages--unless he can make\nus forget the education, opinions, and hopes of our youth--the labours, sorrows, and wrongs\nof our riper years--his meanness and his crimes;--never--never can the British lion crouch\nat an Usurper\'s form, or the red-cross banner wave graceful over a traitor\'s head."\n\nColonel Evellin was roused from these agreeable reveries by a painful communication from Williams.\nThe means of access which the royalists now had to Cromwell\'s councils enabled them to discover\nthat the vigilance of Morgan had brought together so many charges against Dr. Beaumont, that\nthere seeming no chance of his escaping condemnation, it was resolved to bring him to trial.\nWilliams could not distinctly make out the crimes with which he was charged, except that he\nassisted the late and present King with money; that he used the Liturgy and Church ceremonies\nwith such slight alterations as did not prevent their continuing to be that "form of words"\nand "will-worship" which were forbidden to saints; added to this, he prayed for Charles Stewart;\nand further, there were secret counsels and mysterious contrivances in the family. A private\nchamber had also been found, which, it was evident, had been used for the purpose of concealing\nmalignants. The safety of the state required that these practices should be searched into,\nand that Dr. Beaumont should be tried for contumacy to the government.\n\nThis was all Williams could discover; but beside this open attack, there was a mine ready to\nbe sprung for the Doctor\'s destruction. Lord Bellingham had now lain several years in confinement.\nHis party was believed to be subdued, and his own reputation was so tarnished that he was become\nquite innoxious. Overtures were now made to him, that he should be restored to liberty, and\nto a part of his possessions; but it was hinted at the same time that it would show his acquiescence\nwith the existing government if he would take an active part against an atrocious royalist.\nThe sudden and mysterious disappearance of his son (of whom he had heard no tidings since the\nbattle of Preston) was mentioned; and it was soon understood that it was expected he should\nbring the charge of assassination against Dr. Beaumont, and thus remove all odium from Cromwell.\nSolitude and confinement had wrought no salutary change on this wretched man\'s disposition.\nHis prison-hours were occupied by regrets for the past, distaste at the present, and fears\nfor the future. His affections clung fondly to the wealth and title he had lost; nor could\nhis guilty soul disrobe itself "of those lendings" which vitiated its spiritual essence. If\nhe were again placed in Bellingham-Castle he would repent. He would then devote a large proportion\nof his dearly-purchased estate to charitable purposes; he would seek for Allan Neville and\nhis daughter; were they alive, he would make them happy, or at least place them in affluence;\nhe would erect a monument to the gallant Eustace; he would employ his future life in pious\nduties; in fine, if restored to the enjoyment of the unrighteous Mammon, he would use it in\nsecuring an everlasting inheritance. No angel whispered, "Begin the mighty labour now;" no\nrenovating change took place in his desires. The hour of contrition and repentance was deferred\nwith procrastinating insincerity. Can we then wonder that the man who, in his youth, sacrificed\nhonour and friendship to purchase worldly grandeur, should, in his age, again impawn his conscience\nfor liberty and ease? or that, though he had indeed often deplored the supposed necessity of\nmurdering Eustace Evellin, he should basely yield to become a Tyrant\'s instrument to cut off\nthat Eustace\'s uncle on a charge, which, from what he knew of the Doctor\'s conduct, bore improbability\nand ingratitude in its aspect. Let those who condemn Lord Bellingham beware how they yield\nto the first temptations of guilt. The emulation of an aspiring mind, unchecked by principle,\ndegenerated into envy, hatred, malice, injustice, falsehood, and cruelty. Love for a beautiful\nwoman was polluted by an insatiable craving to rise to the same sphere of life in which she\nmoved; and as it was her exterior loveliness, not her inward graces, that inflamed his desires,\nhe scrupled not to become the instrument of her bad passion; that "love might revel on the\ncouch of state," he performed actions which stamped ignominy on his name, and destroyed his\npeace for ever; and now, in the decline of life, though satiety had taught him the little value\nof all temporal enjoyments, his imagination clung to the dispersing shadows which even experience\nwould not convince him were only phantoms of happiness. Even while he wept the offences he\nhad committed, he yielded to the first temptation to repeat his crimes.\n\nOn the morning fixed for his trial, Dr. Beaumont exhibited an illustration of the scriptural\nprecept, by combining the wisdom of the serpent with the innocence of the dove. Serene, mild,\nthoughtful, acute, and penetrating, he was capable of using every fair occasion to elude his\nenemies, and was able also to submit to the will of Heaven, provided their malice should be\npermitted to triumph. He prepared Constantia for the worst, by assuring her that so many had\nunjustly suffered in these perturbed times that condemnation was no longer considered as an\nevidence of guilt. All the disgrace of a public death was removed by the justice of the cause\nto which he was ready to fall a martyr; and the mere circumstance of his dying as a malefactor\nought not to distress her, since, in the article of pain, he should endure much less; and the\nawakening trial of imprisonment had afforded him leisure to re-consider his ways, and make\nhis peace with God. This singular blessing had supplied the best uses of sickness, without\nits frequent attendant, bodily incapacity. He reminded her of his declining years. "My enemies,"\nsaid he, "can only rob me of the dregs of life. Death hath sent many of his forerunners by\nthe hand of time to inform me that my days are drawing to a close. It was my wish to be useful\nas long as I lived. The new government have done me the honour to think me dangerous. When\nthey immured me in a prison, I considered the loss of liberty as a quietus from my heavenly\nKing, dismissing me from active employments; and I have since endeavoured to improve myself\nin the practice of those passive virtues which are never enough prized by the world, and which\nare often painful rather than pleasant. I have endeavoured after the perfection of patience,\nhumility, and submission; but, my Constantia, I have only endeavoured, and have discovered\nso many unsubdued weaknesses, such a lingering fondness for what I must renounce, that I fear\nnothing but the cold chill of death will benumb those ardent affections which have often led\nme to lament (but, I trust, not to repine) that I was born in these unhappy times. To the last\nI must bemoan the degradation, and crimes of my country, that beloved England, whom, in the\nhumble sphere of a village-rector, I laboured to serve, by making all whom my counsels and\nexample could influence, faithful servants of their God and their King. I feel too the destitution\nof my family (here he faultered and turned aside his face)--principally thee, poor mourner,\ntenderly fostered in thine infancy, and, since then, the child of sorrow. Encourage me by thy\nfirmness, now I am on the eve of the most awful occurence of my life. Imitate the cheerful\nmagnanimity of Isabel. Let me not shudder at the thought of leaving thee a weak, heart-broken\nburden on those who can only pity thy distress; but let me have the comfort of hoping that\nthou wilt behave like a resigned Christian, who, art not so depressed by a sense of thy own\ngrief, as to be incapable of ministering to the woes of others. Allow me to think of thee as\none whose views are not bounded by the grave, and then I shall have no overwhelming terrors\nto distract my attention, or unfit me for improving every fair opportunity for my deliverance.\nBut, should the worst happen, remember, Constantia, I shall continue to exist. Putting on the\ngarment of immortality does not destroy identity. We shall still continue members of that large\nfamily of whom God is the head, the angels being his more exalted servants, and the infernal\nspirits potent rebels, who in vain labour to defeat his purposes. No event can remove us from\nthe superintendance of Providence; no distance of time or country, no difference of station\nor fortune, can hinder the glorified spirits of the faithful from meeting in the same paradise,\nand hearing the same joyful sentence of eternal beatitude. Whether the disembodied souls left\ntheir bodies in the north or in the south, they will all rejoice in the society of each other.\nThe spirits of the patriarchs of old, as well as of those who die to-day in the Lord, will\nmeet in one large community. Console thyself, therefore, with the thought of a future, joyful,\nand eternal re-union; and let that consolation be also an active precept, teaching thee so\nto order thy daily conversation as to complete thy fitness for that re-union."\n\n', 'similarity': 0.9009090065956116}, {'text': '\ufeff"Yes, that is so," said the manager, beaming.\n\nI leapt for joy. I had thought that there must be a catch somewhere.\n\n"Put me down for a hundred thousand," I said.\n\nThe manager nearly fell out of his swing-chair. "My dear Sir," he gasped, "have you any prospect\nof being able to save a hundred thousand during the next year or so?"\n\n"Am I a milk-dealer or a munition-worker?" I replied. "I should be both surprised and gratified\nif I saved that sum in a year. Still I might do it, you know. I should have to give up tobacco,\nof course. Or suppose relations hitherto unknown to me died and left me handsome legacies.\nYou are always seeing these things in the papers. \'Baker Inherits Half-Million From Lost Australian\nUncle.\'"\n\n"A hundred," amended the manager. "Shall we say a hundred? You need not pay a deposit. I\'ll\ngive you a form."\n\n"Where\'s your patriotism?" I demanded. "A hundred, you say? Well, I decline your overdraft.\nKeep your ill-gotten much-grudged gain. I\'ll pay cash."\n\nI left the bank sadly. I had thought of intimating to the blonde, brown and auburn beauties\nthat I had just put a hundred thousand in War Loan. I had imagined their eyes gleaming at the\nspectacle of one-tenth of a millionaire.\n\nAnd now I can\'t go to the bank again. At least not till I have worked up my balance a little\nabove its present total, namely £2 1s. 9d.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nOUR BOOKING-OFFICE.\n\n(By Mr. Punch\'s Staff of Learned Clerks.)\n\nIf Wishes were Horses (HURST AND BLACKETT) is one of the most engaging novels that I have met\nfor some time. The matter of it, perhaps, is nothing very new: a story of expanding fortunes\nand contracting sympathies. But the writer, Countess BARCYNSKA, has, before all else, the inestimable\ngift of making you believe in her people. All the characters are vigorously alive. The result\nis that one follows with quite unusual interest the chequered career of her central figure,\nMartin Leffley, from his introduction as a frankly unpleasant youth, very red about the ears,\n"which was where he always blushed," to the final glimpse of him, titled, an M.P., and, incidentally,\na bowed and better man, purified by the wonderful devotion of Rose, the wife whom throughout\nthe tale he has bullied and undervalued. Nor is Rose herself, with her unwavering belief in\nher clay idol, a less memorable figure. Of the others, my chief affection went to Aunt Polly,\nthe kindly dealer in old clothes, who imagined the Savile to be a night club. But, as I say,\nthe whole cast is astonishingly real. Only once did I fear for the story, when it seemed as\nthough the machinations of a super-villainous M.P. were about to lead it astray into the paths\nof melodrama. But the danger proved to be brief, and the unexpected beauty and dignity of the\nclosing chapter would have redeemed a more serious lapse.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n', 'similarity': 0.900056004524231}]
- Similarité : 0.90

Plagiat détecté :
- Texte source : ﻿The man she loved would not be shot like the wretched Bedouin, who was of no importance except
to her for whom his life was given; but something would happen. He would be taken ill with
a strange disease, of which he would die after dreadful suffering; or at best his career would
be ruined; for the greatest of all marabouts was a man of immense influence. Because of his
religious vow to wear a mask always like a Touareg, none of the ruling race had ever seen the
marabout's features, yet his power was known far and wide--in Morocco; all along the caravan
route to Tombouctou; in the capital of the Touaregs; in Algiers; and even in Paris itself.

She reminded herself of these things, and at one moment her heart was like ice in her breast;
but at the next, it was like a ball of fire; and pulling out three long bright hairs from her
head, she twisted them round the cord which the carrier-pigeon had brought. Before tying it
under his wing again, she scattered more yellow seeds for the dove Imams, because she did not
want them to fly away until she was ready to let her messenger go. Thus there was the less
danger that the carrier-pigeon would be noticed. Only Noura, her negress, knew of him. Noura
had smuggled him into the Zaouïa, and she herself had trained him by giving him food that he
liked, though his home was at Oued Tolga, the town.

The birds from the mosque had waited for their second supply, for the same programme had been
carried out many times before, and they had learned to expect it.

When they finished scrambling for the grain which the white pigeon could afford to scorn, they
fluttered back to the minaret, following a leader. But the carrier flew away straight and far,
his little body vanishing at last as if swallowed up in the gold of the sunset. For he went
west, towards the white domes of Oued Tolga.

XXXIV

Still the woman stood looking after the bird, but the sun had dropped behind the dunes, and
she no longer needed to shade her eyes with her hand. There was nothing more to expect till
sunset to-morrow, when something might or might not happen. If no message came, then there
would be only dullness and stagnation until the day when the Moorish bath was sacredly kept
for the great ladies of the marabout's household. There were but two of these, yet they never
went to the bath together, nor had they ever met or spoken to one another. They were escorted
to the bath by their attendants at different hours of the same day; and later their female
servants were allowed to go, for no one but the women of the saintly house might use the baths
that day.

The woman on the white roof in the midst of the golden silence gazed towards the west, though
she looked for no event of interest; and her eyes fixed themselves mechanically upon a little
caravan which moved along the yellow sand like a procession of black insects. She was so accustomed
to search the desert since the days, long ago, when she had actually hoped for friends to come
and take her away, that she could differentiate objects at greater distances than one less
trained to observation. Hardly thinking of the caravan, she made out, nevertheless, that it
consisted of two camels, carrying bassourahs, a horse and Arab rider, a brown pack camel, and
a loaded mule, driven by two men who walked.

They had evidently come from Oued Tolga, or at least from that direction, therefore it was
probable that their destination was the Zaouïa; otherwise, as it was already late, they would
have stopped in the city all night. Of course, it was possible that they were on their way
to the village, but it was a poor place, inhabited by very poor people, many of them freed
Negroes, who worked in the oases and lived mostly upon dates. No caravans ever went out from
there, because no man, even the richest, owned more than one camel or donkey; and nobody came
to stay, unless some son of the miserable hamlet, who had made a little money elsewhere, and
returned to see his relatives. But on the other hand, numerous caravans arrived at the Zaouïa
of Oued Tolga, and hundreds of pilgrims from all parts of Islam were entertained as the marabout's
guests, or as recipients of charity.

Dimly, as she detached her mind from the message she had sent, the woman began to wonder about
this caravan, because of the bassourahs, which meant that there were women among the travellers.
There were comparatively few women pilgrims to the Zaouïa, except invalids from the town of
Oued Tolga, or some Sahara encampment, who crawled on foot, or rode decrepit donkeys, hoping
to be cured of ailments by the magic power of the marabout, the power of the Baraka. The woman
who watched had learned by this time not to expect European tourists. She had lived for eight
years in the Zaouïa, and not once had she seen from her roof a European, except a French government-official
or two, and a few--a very few--French officers. Never had any European women come. Tourists
were usually satisfied with Touggourt, three or four days nearer civilisation. Women did not
care to undertake an immense and fatiguing journey among the most formidable dunes of the desert,
where there was nothing but ascending and descending, day after day; where camels sometimes
broke their legs in the deep sand, winding along the fallen side of a mountainous dune, and
where a horse often had to sit on his haunches, and slide with his rider down a sand precipice.

She herself had experienced all these difficulties, so long ago now that she had half forgotten
how she had hated them, and the fate to which they were leading her. But she did not blame
other women for not coming to Oued Tolga.

Occasionally some caïd or agha of the far south would bring his wife who was ill or childless
to be blessed by the marabout; and in old days they had been introduced to the marabouta, but
it was years now since she had been asked, or even allowed, to entertain strangers. She thought,
without any active interest, as she looked at the nodding bassourahs, growing larger and larger,
that a chief was coming with his women, and that he would be disappointed to learn that the
marabout was away from home. It was rather odd that the stranger had not been told in the city,
for every one knew that the great man had gone a fortnight ago to the province of Oran. Several
days must pass before he could return, even if, for any reason, he came sooner than he was
expected. But it did not matter much to her, if there were to be visitors who would have the
pain of waiting. There was plenty of accommodation for guests, and there were many servants
whose special duty it was to care for strangers. She would not see the women in the bassourahs,
nor hear of them unless some gossip reached her through the talk of the negresses.

Still, as there was nothing else which she wished to do, she continued to watch the caravan.

By and by it passed out of sight, behind the rising ground on which the village huddled, with
its crowding brown house-walls that narrowed towards the roofs. The woman almost forgot it,
until it appeared again, to the left of the village, where palm logs had been laid in the river
bed, making a kind of rough bridge, only covered when the river was in flood. It was certain
now that the travellers were coming to the Zaouïa.

The flame of the sunset had died, though clouds purple as pansies flowered in the west. The
gold of the dunes paled to silver, and the desert grew sad, as if it mourned for a day that
would never live again. Far away, near Oued Tolga, where the white domes of the city and the
green domes of the oasis palms all blended together in shadow, fires sprang up in the camps
of nomads, like signals of danger.

The woman on the roof shivered. The chill of the coming night cooled her excitement. She was
afraid of the future, and the sadness which had fallen upon the desert was cold in her heart.
The caravan was not far from the gate of the Zaouïa, but she was tired of watching it. She
turned and went down the narrow stairs that led to her rooms, and to the little garden where
the fragrance of orange blossoms was too sweet.

XXXV

The caravan stopped in front of the Zaouïa gate. There were great iron doors in a high wall
of toub, which was not much darker in colour than the deep gold of the desert sand; and because
it was after sunset the doors were closed.

One of the Negroes knocked, and called out something inarticulate and guttural in a loud voice.

Almost at once the gate opened, and a shadowy figure hovered inside. A name was announced,
which was instantly shouted to a person unseen, and a great chattering began in the dusk. Men
ran out, and one or two kissed the hand of the rider on the white horse. They explained volubly
that the lord was away, but the newcomer checked them as soon as he could, saying that he had
heard the news in the city. He had with him ladies, one a relative of his own, another who
was connected with the great lord himself, and they must be entertained as the lord would wish,
were he not absent.

The gates, or doors, of iron were thrown wide open, and the little procession entered a huge
open court. On one side was accommodation for many animals, as in a caravanserai, with a narrow
roof sheltering thirty or forty stalls; and here the two white meharis were made to kneel,
that the women might descend from their bassourahs. There were three, all veiled, but the arms
of one were bare and very brown. She moved stiffly, as if cramped by sitting for a long time
in one position; nevertheless, she supported her companion, whose bassour she had shared. The
two Soudanese Negroes remained in this court with their animals, which the servants of the
Zaouïa, began helping them to unload; but the master of the expedition, with the two ladies
of his party and Fafann, was now obliged to walk. Several men of the Zaouïa acted as their
guides, gesticulating with great respect, but lowering their eyelids, and appearing not to
see the women.

They passed through another court, very large, though not so immense as the first, for no animals
were kept there. Instead of stalls for camels and horses, there were roughly built rooms for
pilgrims of the poorer class, with little, roofless, open-sided kitchens, where they could
cook their own food. Beyond was the third court, with lodging for more important persons, and
then the travellers were led through a labyrinth of corridors, some roofed with palm branches,
others open to the air, and still more covered in with the toub blocks of which the walls were
built. Along the sides were crumbling benches of stucco, on which old men lay rolled up in
their burnouses; or here and there a door of rotting palm wood hung half open, giving a glimpse
into a small, dim court, duskily red with the fire of cooking in an open-air kitchen. From
behind these doors came faint sounds of chanting, and spicy smells of burning wood and boiling
peppers. It was like passing through a subterranean village; and little dark children, squatting
in doorways, or flattening their bodies against palm trunks which supported palm roofs, or
flitting ahead of the strangers, in the thick, musky scented twilight, were like shadowy gnomes.

By and by, as the newcomers penetrated farther into the mysterious labyrinth of the vast Zaouïa,
the corridors and courts became less ruined in appearance. The walls were whitewashed; the
palm-wood doors were roughly carved and painted in bright colours, which could be seen by the
flicker of lamps set high in little niches. Each tunnel-like passage had a carved archway at
the end, and at last they entered one which was closed in with beautiful doors of wrought iron.

Through the rich network they could see into a court where everything glimmered white in moonlight.
They had come to the court of the mosque, which had on one side an entrance to the private
house of the marabout, the great Sidi El Hadj Mohammed ben Abd-el-Kader.

        *        *        *        *        *        *        *

"Lella Saïda, oh light of the young moon, if it please thee, thou hast two guests come from
very far off," announced an old negress to the woman who had been looking out over the golden
silence of the desert.

It was an hour since she had come down from the roof, and having eaten a little bread, with
soup, she lay on a divan writing in a small book. Several tall copper lamps with open-work
copper shades, jewelled and fringed with coloured glass, gave a soft and beautiful light to
the room. It had pure white walls, round which, close to the ceiling, ran a frieze of Arab
lettering, red, and black, and gold. The doors and window-blinds and little cupboards were
of cedar, so thickly inlaid with mother-o'-pearl, that only dark lines of the wood defined
the white patterning of leaves and flowers.

The woman had thrown off the blue drapery that had covered her head, and her auburn hair glittered
in the light of the lamp by which she wrote. She looked up, vexed.

"Thou knowest, Noura, that for years I have received no guests," she said, in a dialect of
the Soudan, in which most Saharian mistresses of Negro servants learn to talk. "I can see no
one. The master would not permit me to do so, even if I wished it, which I do not."

"Pardon, loveliest lady. But this is another matter. A friend of our lord brings these visitors
to thee. One is kin of his. She seeks to be healed of a malady, by the power of the Baraka.
But the other is a Roumia."

The wife of the great marabout shut the book in which she had been writing, and her mind travelled
quickly to the sender of the carrier-pigeon. A European woman, the first who had ever come
to the Zaouïa in eight years! It must be that she had a message from him. Somehow he had contrived
this visit. She dared ask no more questions.

"I will see these ladies," she said. "Let them come to me here."

"Already the old one is resting in the guest-house," answered the negress. "She has her own
servant, and she asks to see thee no earlier than to-morrow, when she has rested, and is able
to pay thee her respects. It is the other, the young Roumia, who begs to speak with thee to-night."

The wife of the marabout was more certain than ever that her visitor must come from the sender
of the pigeon. She was glad of an excuse to talk with his messenger alone, without waiting.

"Go fetch her," she directed. "And when thou hast brought her to the door I shall no longer
need thee, Noura."

Her heart was beating fast. She dreaded some final decision, or the need to make a decision,
yet she knew that she would be bitterly disappointed if, after all, the European woman were
not what she thought. She shut up the diary in which she wrote each night, and opening one
of the wall cupboards near her divan, she put it away on a shelf, where there were many other
small volumes, a dozen perhaps. They contained the history of her life during the last nine
years, since unhappiness had isolated her, and made it necessary to her peace of mind, almost
to her sanity, to have a confidant. She closed the inlaid doors of the cupboard, and locked
them with a key which hung from a ribbon inside her dress.

Such a precaution was hardly needed, since the writing was all in English, and she had recorded
the events of the last few weeks cautiously and cryptically. Not a soul in the marabout's house
could read English, except the marabout himself; and it was seldom he honoured her with a visit.
Nevertheless, it had become a habit to lock up the books, and she found a secretive pleasure in it.

She had only time to slip the ribbon back into her breast, and sit down stiffly on the divan,
when the door was opened again by Noura.

"O Lella Saïda, I have brought the Roumia," the negress announced.

A slim figure in Arab dress came into the room, unfastening a white veil with fingers that
trembled with impatience. The door shut softly. Noura had obeyed instructions.

XXXVI

For ten years Victoria had been waiting for this moment, dreaming of it at night, picturing
it by day. Now it had come.

There was Saidee standing before her, found at last. Saidee, well and safe, and lovely as ever,
hardly changed in feature, and yet--there was something strange about her, something which
stopped the joyous beating of the girl's heart. It was almost as if she had died and come to
Heaven, to find that Heaven was not Heaven at all, but a cold place of fear.

She was shocked at the impression, blaming herself. Surely Saidee did not know her yet, that
was all; or the surprise was too great. She wished she had sent word by the negress. Though
that would have seemed banal, it would have been better than to see the blank look on Saidee's
face, a look which froze her into a marble statue. But it was too late now. The only thing
left was to make the best of a bad beginning.

"Oh, darling!" Victoria cried. "Have I frightened you? Dearest--my beautiful one, it's your
little sister. All these years I've been waiting--waiting to find a way. You knew I would come
some day, didn't you?"

Tears poured down her face. She tried to believe they were tears of joy, such as she had often
thought to shed at sight of Saidee. She had been sure that she could not keep them back, and
that she would not try. They should have been sweet as summer rain, but they burned her eyes
and her cheeks as they fell. Saidee was silent. The girl held out her arms, running a step
or two, then, faltering, she let her arms fall. They felt heavy and stiff, as if they had been
turned to wood. Saidee did not move. There was an expression of dismay, even of fear on her face.

"You don't know me!" Victoria said chokingly. "I've grown up, and I must seem like a different
person--but I'm just the same, truly. I've loved you so, always. You'll get used to seeing
me changed. You--you don't think I'm somebody else pretending to be Victoria, do you? I can
tell you all the things we used to do and say. I haven't forgotten one. Oh, Saidee, dearest,
I've come such a long way to find you. Do be glad to see me--do!"

Her voice broke. She put out her hands pleadingly--the childish hands that had seemed pathetically
pretty to Stephen Knight.

A look of intense concentration darkened Saidee's eyes. She appeared to question herself, to
ask her intelligence what was best to do. Then the tense lines of her face softened. She forced
herself to smile, and leaning towards Victoria, clasped the slim white figure in her arms,
holding it tightly, in silence. But over the girl's shoulder, her eyes still seemed to search
an answer to their question.

When she had had time to control her voice and expression, she spoke, releasing her sister,
taking the wistful face between her hands, and gazing at it earnestly. Then she kissed lips
and cheeks.

"Victoria!" she murmured. "Victoria! I'm not dreaming you?"

"No, no, darling," the girl answered, more hopefully. "No wonder you're dazed. This--finding
you, I mean--has been the object of my life, ever since your letters stopped coming, and I
began to feel I'd lost you. That's why I can't realize your being struck dumb with the surprise
of it. Somehow, I've always felt you'd be expecting me. Weren't you? Didn't you know I'd come
when I could?"

Saidee shook her head, looking with extraordinary, almost feverish, interest at the younger
girl, taking in every detail of feature and complexion, all the exquisite outlines of extreme
youth, which she had lost.

"No," she said slowly. "I thought I was dead to the world. I didn't think it would be possible
for anyone to find me, even you."

"But--you are glad--now I'm here?" Victoria faltered.

"Of course," Saidee answered unhesitatingly. "I'm delighted--enchanted--for my own sake. If
I'm frightened, if you think me strange--farouche--it's because I'm so surprised, and because--can
you believe it?--this is the first time I've spoken English with any human being for nine years--perhaps
more. I almost forget--it seems a century. I talk to myself--so as not to forget. And every
night I write down what has happened, or rather what I've thought, because things hardly ever
do happen here. The words don't come easily. They sound so odd in my own ears. And then--there's
another reason why I'm afraid. It's on your account. I'd better tell you. It wouldn't be fair
not to tell. I--how are you going to get away again?"

She almost whispered the last words, and spoke them as if she were ashamed. But she watched
the girl's face anxiously.

Victoria slipped a protecting arm round her waist. "We are going away together, dearest," she
said. "Unless you're too happy and contented. But, my Saidee--you don't look contented."

Saidee flushed faintly. "You mean--I look old--haggard?"

"No--no!" the girl protested. "Not that. You've hardly changed at all, except--oh, I hardly
know how to put it in words. It's your expression. You look sad--tired of the things around you."

"I am tired of the things around me," Saidee said. "Often I've felt like a dead body in a grave
with no hope of even a resurrection. What were those lines of Christina Rossetti's I used to
say over to myself at first, while it still seemed worth while to revolt? Some one was buried,
had been buried for years, yet could think and feel, and cry out against the doom of lying
'under this marble stone, forgotten, alone.' Doesn't it sound agonizing--desperate? It just
suited me. But now--now----"

"Are things better? Are you happier?" Victoria clasped her sister passionately.

"No. Only I'm past caring so much. If you've come here, Babe, to take me away, it's no use.
I may as well tell you now. This is prison. And you must escape, yourself, before the gaoler
comes back, or it will be a life-sentence for you, too."

It warmed Victoria's heart that her sister should call her "Babe"--the old pet name which brought
the past back so vividly, that her eyes filled again with tears.

"You shall not be kept in prison!" she exclaimed. "It's monstrous--horrible! I was afraid it
would be like this. That's why I had to wait and make plenty of money. Dearest, I'm rich. Everything's
for you. You taught me to dance, and it's by dancing I've earned such a lot--almost a fortune.
So you see, it's yours. I've got enough to bribe Cassim to let you go, if he likes money, and
isn't kind to you. Because, if he isn't kind, it must be a sign he doesn't love you, really."

Saidee laughed, a very bitter laugh. "He does like money. And he doesn't like me at all--any more."

"Then--" Victoria's face brightened--"then he will take the ten thousand dollars I've brought,
and he'll let you go away with me."

"Ten thousand dollars!" Saidee laughed again. "Do you know who Cassim--as you call him--is?"

The girl looked puzzled. "Who he is?"

"I see you don't know. The secret's been kept from you, somehow, by his friend who brought
you here. You'll tell me how you came; but first I'll answer your question. The Cassim ben
Halim you knew, has been dead for eight years."

"They told me so in Algiers. But--do you mean--have you married again?"


- Texte Similaire : [{'text': '\ufeff"No," snarled the master. "By the time you came back with them, if you got them, ten chances\nto one I shouldn\'t want them. When I want things, I want them at once. Yes, I\'d give five dollars\nfor some fresh water-cresses this very minute;" and he again seized his wig and flourished\nit in the air.\n\nWith trembling fingers Cissy opened the gate, and walked in. The servant-man placed the camp-chair\non the ground. The old gentleman sat down in it, first hanging his hair on the back, leaving\nhis head as smooth and shining as an ivory ball, looked at the intruder with keen black eyes,\nand asked, sharply, "Well, what do you want?"\n\n"To give you these water-cresses," she said, with a smile, holding up her apron. "They were\ngathered only a short time ago, and my apron\'s quite clean, sir."\n\n"Bless me!" exclaimed the old gentleman, "what a wonderful coincidence! and"--taking a bunch\nand beginning to eat them--"what fine water-cresses! And I suppose you expect that five dollars,\nfor of course you heard what I said."\n\n"No, sir," said Cissy, shyly, "I never thought of the money. I know you only said that as people\noften say things. I\'m glad to give them to you, sir, because you wanted them so much."\n\nThe old gentleman burst into a loud laugh, put on his wig, and asked her name. And then by\ndegrees he got the whole story from her--the death of the father, the accident that lamed the\nmother, the gift of the cresses from Frank Hillborn, and the five miles yet to go in search\nof work. "And what was your mother\'s name before she was married?" was his last question.\n\n"Prudence Kelly, sir."\n\n"Prudence Kelly! I knew it!" he shouted, springing from his chair. And then, in a still louder\nvoice, he called, "Grace! Grace!" and a pretty young lady came running toward him. "I\'ve found\nyour old nurse, my dear, your faithful old nurse that we have lost sight of for years. This\nis her daughter. And she is in want. Take the carriage and go to her at once. What a blessing\nthat I got up in a scolding humor this morning, and wanted water-cresses! Go with Grace, Cecilia\nmy child, and when you get home, give this five-dollar bill to your friend Frank, and tell\nhim it isn\'t the first time a little act of kindness has brought luck."\n\nVery soon after General Washington was elected President a war broke out between France and\nEngland. It was natural that people in this country should wish to help the French, who had\nhelped us. But General Washington saw that if we once got in the way of taking a part in wars\nbetween other countries, where our own rights were not in danger, we should always be at war.\nHe saw, too, that we were a small nation then, compared to the nations of Europe, and that\nwe might easily lose the freedom we had fought so long for. He dreaded to put our freedom in\ndanger unless compelled to. So he issued an order to the people, as he had a right to do, not\nto take part with one nation or the other, but to mind their own business.\n\nThis was wise, because the British government was only too ready to pick a quarrel with us.\nGeneral Washington also went further. He made a treaty of peace and commerce with Great Britain,\nwhich kept war from our shores for twenty years, and gave the country a chance to grow. The\npeople did not like this treaty much. There was a great deal of ill-feeling toward Great Britain,\ngrowing out of the long fight we had had with her. But General Washington, who was ready to\nfight for real rights, felt that it was wrong to get into a quarrel from mere angry feeling.\nHe was very anxious to keep the two countries at peace until their people could get calm, and\ngo to trading with each other, and learn to live together in friendship. Surely this was both\nsensible and good. It was fortunate for the country that a man was at the head of its government\nwise enough to see what was right, and firm enough to do it.\n\nJust at the time Washington was elected President, the French people rose against their government,\nwhich had many faults, and drove away many of their rulers, and cut off their King\'s head.\nAmong the leaders was Lafayette, who, however, was no party to the cruelties which were practiced.\nThe other kings of Europe undertook to restore the King of France to power, and in the war\nwhich followed Lafayette was taken prisoner and closely confined. His wife wrote to Washington,\nasking him to try and get Lafayette released. Washington gladly did all that he could, but\nit was of no use. However, he sent money to Madame Lafayette, for her property had been taken\naway, and he brought over to this country one of Lafayette\'s sons, and took him into his family,\nand cared for him as if he were his own. The boy was named after Washington, and always remembered\nthe President\'s kindness with thankfulness.\n\nWhen the first term of four years for which Washington was elected came to an end, he was chosen\nagain, without a single vote against him, though he was very anxious to go back to private life.\n\nFinally, at the end of his second term, when he had been eight years President, he refused\nto serve any longer. Just as he had written a farewell address to his soldiers, after being\neight years in command, he now wrote a farewell address to the American people. I hope all\nmy young readers will read it as soon as they are old enough to understand it. It is written\nin a quaint and somewhat stiff style, for Washington always found it easier to act than to\ntalk or write; but it is full of wisdom. Even now, eighty-four years after it was written,\nthere is much in it which we ought to remember and try to carry out.\n\nIt was the spring of 1797 when Washington gave up the President\'s office, and returned to Mount\nVernon. He had visited his beloved home frequently during his Presidency, and had kept a very\ncareful watch over it in his absence. Again he took up with great delight the old round of\npeaceful duties. Every day he was up before the sun. Every day he was in the saddle, riding\nover his large farms, watching his laborers and his crops, planning changes and directing work.\nIn the evening he saw much company--many, indeed, who had little claim on him, who came from\nidle curiosity, and wearied him with their presence. But he was always courteous. He enjoyed\nthe society of his family and friends very keenly. He had no children of his own, but he had\nreared first the children, and afterward two of the grandchildren, of his wife in his home.\nHe took great pleasure with them, and was as merry as he was loving. He hoped to live the remainder\nof his days in quiet in this circle.\n\n[TO BE CONTINUED.]\n\nLITTLE FATIMA.\n\nBY SARA KEABLES HUNT.\n\nIt was a beautiful Oriental picture, and I paused in my walk along the banks of the Nile to\nsketch her, that dark-eyed Arab girl, as she half reclined in the sand, the western sunlight\nflickering through the green boughs of a clump of palms, and falling upon the upturned face\nand purplish braids with their glitter of gold coins. In the background were a few broken columns,\nrelic of some past grandeur, and at a little distance a camel crouched in the sand, gazing\nas mournfully as the Sphynx across the desert. The flowing Eastern dress of the child was pushed\nback from one beautifully rounded arm, but the other was concealed, as if she had tried to\nhide it from even the sunlight. It was crippled and pitifully deformed.\n\nPoor little Fatima! I knew her sensitive spirit, and I put my pencil out of sight as I came\nnearer, for I saw on her face the shadow of a restless discontent. She smiled as she bade me\nwelcome, but it was a sad smile, and changed to tears as she spoke.\n\n"I am of no use," she said in Arabic. "If I were a boy, they would care for me; but a girl!\nThey scorn me and my disfigured arm. I can never do any good in the world; never, never. And,\noh, lady, there is a soul within me that longs to do something for somebody! I want to accomplish\nsomething; not to sit here day after day making figures in the sand, only to see them drift\nback again into a dull level. But I shall live in vain. What can I do with this poor crippled arm?"\n\nIt was a difficult task to soothe her; but I think, after awhile, she felt that the great Allah\nhad done all things well, and peace crept over her tired little heart.\n\n"But, dear child," I said, as I left her, "it may be that you can do more good with your one\narm than I ever can with my two. We do not know what may happen."\n\nAnd so I went home to my little cottage, taking the field path instead of the railroad track,\nas I usually did. When I reached the house, and called for my little girl-baby, who often came\ntoddling out to meet me, all was silent, and in answer to my inquiries the nurse said she had\njust gone down the track a little way to meet me.\n\n"Down the track! Oh, the train! the train! It\'s time for the train! Why do you stand here idle?\nCall Hassan and Mahomet. Run, and save her!"\n\nI rushed wildly along the embankment. How plain it all is to me now, even to the bits of pottery\ngleaming in the sand, and the distant echo of an Arab\'s song as it floated over the hills!\nI saw the white dress of my darling far ahead, and stumbled on--how, I hardly knew. The train\nwas coming! I could hear it plunging on; I could see the fearful light. Oh, if I might reach her!\n\nBut who is that? Can it be Fatima? It is Fatima, waving her arms wildly as she speeds onward.\nShe is on the bank! She is there! She grasps the child! And the train plunges past me with\na wild glare; and there, before me, is my baby, my golden-haired baby, safe and unharmed, but\nFatima lay dying on the iron rail. I clasped her to my heart, and called her name amid my sobs.\nShe lifted the long, dark eyelashes, and smiled. "Allah be praised!" she murmured. Then in\nher weak, broken English she said:\n\n"Me do something wid dis poor arm; me die for you baby!" She fell back in my arms; and so we\ncarried her to my home, white and insensible.\n\nBut she did not die. The deformed arm had to be severed from the shoulder, but her life was\nsaved; and to-day, surrounded by all that grateful hearts can give, she is one of the happiest\nlittle creatures on the banks of the Nile.\n\nA ST. ULRIC DOLL.\n\nBY THE AUTHOR OF "THE CATSKILL FAIRIES."\n\nThe steam-ship Columbine was crossing the ocean from Liverpool to New York. On the deck the\npassengers walked about, looking at the sea and sky. Occasionally they saw a flock of gulls\ncircling about overhead, or a shoal of dolphins leaping up in the blue waves. Among these passengers\nwas the shy gentleman. Now the shy gentleman was tall and large, with a full brown beard, which\nshould have made him quite bold, but he was not. If a stranger spoke to him, he blushed, and\nif he tried to say something really wise, he merely stammered, so that his meaning was lost.\nAs for tea-cups and wine-glasses, he always broke them with his elbow, or by allowing them\nto slip through his big fingers, while chairs and little tables seemed placed in his way for\nthe sole purpose of his tumbling over them.\n\nIn his cabin was his portmanteau, filled with all sorts of treasures. A Paris doll and her\nwardrobe were given the place of honor. The beautiful blonde hair of this fashionable lady\nmust not be disarranged, and the boxes containing her dresses and gloves, her boots, mantles,\nand parasols, required much space. She was a very important person. In a corner was wedged\nthe case of one of those mechanical bears covered with black fur, and wound up by means of\na key in his side. In the opposite corner were the Venetian lion of St. Mark, made of brass,\ntrinkets of straw and glass, and a little Neapolitan boy in mosaic on the lid of a box. The\nSt. Ulric doll, folded in a bit of tissue-paper, had been allowed to fall down anywhere. She\nwas made of a single stick of wood, with a head carved on top, but without arms or legs, like\nthe Italian babies, who are wound about with cloths until they resemble little mummies.\n\nShe remained quietly where she had been placed, between a flannel waistcoat and a pair of stockings,\nwith her head resting on a meerschaum pipe. She thought of her home, and sighed. Yes, she was\nhomesick, because she loved her own land as only the Tyrolese and the Swiss love their native\nmountains.\n\nThe shy gentleman had bought the St. Ulric doll at a booth under the stone archway of one of\nthe streets of Botzen. He could not carry away with him the beautiful Austrian Tyrol, except\nas pictures in his own mind, and therefore he picked up the droll and ugly little St. Ulric doll.\n\n"When I give the doll to Nelly, I will tell her about the mountain peaks where the hunters\nclimb to shoot the chamois and the black-cock, and the valleys down toward Italy where the\ngrapes ripen, and all about the castles perched like watch-towers along the Brenner route,"\nthought the shy gentleman, wrapping the purchase in the bit of tissue-paper. "I must not forget\nto add that this Brenner Pass, where the traveller of to-day journeys on the railway from Munich\nto Verona, is one of the oldest highways in the world; the Etruscan merchants used to pass\nhere, trading in iron with the Northern nations, long before the Romans."\n\nOne day a tremendous rattling was heard inside the case of the mechanical bear.\n\n"What is the matter? Are you seasick?" inquired the lion of St. Mark.\n\n"No," grumbled the mechanical bear. "I have been standing on my head too long, and if this\nvoyage does not soon end, my machinery will be out of order. I shall growl at the wrong time."\n\n"We must be gifts for children. I hope they will like us," said the St. Ulric doll.\n\n"I hope we shall like them," said the French doll. "I come from a shop window on the Boulevard\ndes Italiens. How can I live out of Paris!"\n\nJust then the lid of the portmanteau was lifted, and a Custom-house officer looked in. The\nsteamer had reached New York.\n\n"Here he is, mamma!" cried a little girl, as a carriage paused before the door of a house on\nGramercy Square.\n\nShe had been looking out of the window. Now she ran down stairs, and opened the front door.\nTwo gentlemen got out of the carriage; one was her uncle Fred, and the other a traveller with\na brown beard, whose arms were full of mysterious parcels and boxes. This was the shy gentleman,\nand Nelly had always found him a good friend. Soon the parcels were distributed. The mosaic\nbox was for mother, the brass lion for Uncle Fred, and all the rest for Nelly. She was wild\nwith delight. The Paris doll fascinated her. All her friends were invited to admire the lady\nfrom the Boulevards. Nelly could not eat, or sleep, or study her lessons. She tried on all\nthe dresses, gloves, bonnets, and shoes.\n\nThe St. Ulric doll had been glanced at, laid on the table, and forgotten. At length Nelly wearied\nof so much splendor, and her mother found the Paris doll too fine for every-day play. Nelly\nnoticed the St. Ulric doll then.\n\n"You have no clothes, poor thing," she said.\n\nShe opened her own work-box, sought in a bag for a piece of blue flannel, and began to sew.\nSoon the St. Ulric doll was clothed. To be sure, her gown was like a bag tied about her neck.\n\nNelly\'s mother, a pretty widow, said, "I did not know he loved me."\n\nNelly whispered to the St. Ulric doll that her mother was to marry the shy gentleman.\n\n"I thought there was a good reason for bringing us across the sea," said the St. Ulric doll\nto the mechanical bear and the Paris lady.\n\nThe latter was out of temper.\n\n"Already the little girl loves you best, because she has made your gown herself," she said.\n\nTHE GRIZZLY BEAR.\n\nThe grizzly bear is the most terrible of all beasts. Its great strength, its enormous size,\nits ferocity, and its courage render it a more formidable enemy than the lion. It ranges the\nwestward-lying slopes of the Rocky Mountains from Mexico to British America, and is a constant\nterror to the regions it inhabits.\n\nThe average length of the grizzly bear is about seven feet, and its weight nine hundred to\na thousand pounds, although much larger specimens have been killed in Arizona and other Southern\nregions.\n\nGrizzlies do not often attack men unless surprised or infuriated, or driven by desperate hunger\nto seize upon everything which crosses their path; but all animals, from a mouse to an enormous\nbuffalo, fall an easy prey to this monarch of the far West.\n\nThe immense daring of the grizzly bear, and its entire confidence in its strength, are evident\nfrom the fact that it will not hesitate to attack buffaloes even when a whole herd are together.\nIt has been known to kill a buffalo with one blow of its terrible fore-paw, and afterward to\ndrag it away and bury it. It can easily dig a hole with its cimeter-like claws, and it usually\nburies what it can not devour, as a store to fall back upon when provisions are scarce.\n\nHunters tell many stories of sharp contests between grizzlies and buffaloes. The bear will\nprowl by the side of a herd, keeping under cover of the bushes until some big fat fellow comes\nwithin easy reach, when it rushes on its victim, and with one blow fells it to the ground.\nThe other buffaloes may rush to the rescue of their comrade, but the powerful grizzly is generally\na match for them all, and instances are rare where the savage beast has been driven to crawl\naway defeated.\n\nThe claws of this beast are longer than a man\'s finger, and are very much prized as ornaments\nby the Indians. To wear a necklace of bear\'s claws, taken from an animal killed by himself,\nis one of the highest ambitions of an Indian brave; for if he is thus decorated, his courage\nand superior strength are acknowledged by his whole tribe. An Indian will sell his horses,\nhis blankets, everything he possesses, but nothing can induce him to part with his bear-claw\nnecklace, which marks him as an invincible warrior. To obtain this coveted prize Indians will\nrun the most extreme risks. Are the enormous foot-prints of a grizzly discovered in the vicinity\nof the camp, the men all set out in hot pursuit, and many a poor Indian has lost his life in\nfierce encounter with this monarch of the mountains. If the bear can be traced to its den among\nthe rocks, the Indians will lay trails of powder leading from the lair in different directions,\nwhich, as they burn, set fire to the dry grass and stubble. As the animal, startled by the\nsmoke and flame, rushes from its hiding-place, the Indians, who lie concealed behind rocks\nand bushes, pelt it with blazing pine knots, and fire volley after volley from their rifles\ninto its body, until some lucky shot enters the heart or brain, and the monster staggers and\nfalls dead to the ground.\n\nThis beast has a strong hold on life, and has often been known to run with great speed, and\neven to swim deep rivers, with twenty or more large rifle-balls in its body. It is so difficult\nto kill, and so furious when aroused, that a hunter will never attack the grizzly single-handed\nif the encounter can be avoided. The hunter may escape by climbing a tree; for although young\ngrizzlies can climb like a cat, the old bears can do nothing more than stand on their hind-legs\nin vain endeavors to reach the branches where the man lies concealed, and growl spitefully.\nTheir extreme heaviness, however, is thought by the Indians to be all that prevents them from\nclimbing.\n\nA hunter once took refuge in a tree from one of these savage beasts, and having vainly discharged\nall his ammunition at the monster, he endeavored to hit it in the eye with cones, thinking\nto drive it away. But the grizzly only became more infuriated, and began a brisk war-dance\naround the tree, howling all the while in a terrible manner. At length the branch upon which\nthe hunter was sitting began to give way, and the unfortunate man felt himself doomed to certain\ndeath. Closing his eyes, he resigned himself to the worst, when, instead of falling, as he\nexpected, into the open jaws of the huge beast, he, together with the heavy branch upon which\nhe had been sitting, landed with a tremendous thump upon the grizzly\'s head. The animal was\nso astonished and frightened at this sudden and unexpected assault, that it took to its heels,\nand soon disappeared in the forest. Such miraculous escapes, however, are not frequent, and\nthe number of Indians and hunters killed by grizzlies is very large.\n\nYoung grizzlies have often been captured, and when very small are as playful and affectionate\nas dogs. But they are not to be trusted, for as they grow older, their savage nature develops,\nand they are liable to become dangerous property. Unless they can be surprised away from the\nmother, their capture is attended by the utmost peril. Nothing can exceed the fury of the mother\nbear if her little ones are molested. Rising on her hind-legs for a moment to survey the object\nof her hatred, she will utter a hoarse "huff, huff, huff," and charge madly, and wary and courageous\nmust be the hunter who can overcome this savage monster.\n\nHunting the grizzly is usually accomplished by parties of men well mounted, and with bands\nof trained dogs, but the huge beast will make a desperate fight for its life, and often severely\nwounds numbers of its assailants before being forced itself to succumb.\n\n]\n\nMINIATURE YACHTS.\n\nOn the preceding page is an illustration of a miniature yacht regatta on the Lake in Prospect\nPark, Brooklyn. In that beautiful Park there are few sights to be seen as beautiful as this.\nThe dainty yachts, perfect in every detail, look like graceful white-winged birds skimming\nover the water, and the announcement of a regatta on the Lake often attracts more spectators\nthan similar announcements of "grown-up" regattas down the bay. Many of these spectators are\nvery critical, and attend these regattas in order to study fine points of sailing, and to learn\nwhat models will show the greatest speed.\n\nThe little yachts are so carefully planned and built that they often serve as models for those\nof many tons. Some of the finest yachts of the New York, Brooklyn, Atlantic, and Seawanhaka\nYacht Clubs are built from models furnished by winners of races and regattas on the lakes of\nCentral and Prospect Parks.\n\nTwo regularly organized and officered clubs, the New York and Brooklyn Miniature Yacht Clubs,\nare the rivals of these lakes, and many exciting match races are sailed between the flyers\nof the two clubs. These races and all the regattas are governed by the regular rules of yachting,\ntime allowances being made for differences of measurement, and the amount of canvas allowed\neach boat, as well as the course to be sailed, being accurately defined.\n\nOf the miniature yachts, schooners of the first class are generally about sixty inches long,\nare heavily sparred--that is, they have very tall masts, long booms, and bow-sprit--and are\nballasted with very deep and heavy lead keels. They are either "built" or "cut"--that is, ribbed\nand planked, or worked out from a single block of wood.\n\nThey carry rudders merely to make them look ship-shape, and are steered entirely by their sails.\nThese are so arranged as to balance fore and aft, and the jib and main sheets are made of elastic\nrubber, so nicely adjusted that if the boat is inclined to sail too close to the wind, the\nmain-sheet stretches, the mainsail is eased off, and she resumes her proper course, with the\nwind free. If she is inclined to "fall off" too much, and run before the wind, the jib-sheet\nstretches, the wind spills out of the jib, and the pressure upon her aftersails quickly brings\nher up on the wind again.\n\nThe fleet at Prospect Park this season numbers some fifty sail, from sixty-inch schooners down\nto ten-inch cat-boats, and contains schooners, sloops, cat-boats, catamarans, and one square-rigged\nsteamer. An English cutter will probably be added to the fleet very soon, and interesting races\nbetween her and the boats of American model are expected.\n\nEASY BOTANY.\n\nJUNE.\n\nJune has many beautiful flowering trees, and many rare and remarkable plants. Some of the anemones\nbloom in April and May, but several wait for June. Among these the rare red anemone is found\non rocky banks in Western Vermont, in Northern New York, and Pennsylvania.\n\nAmong the pines and maples of Cape Ann, at Manchester, Massachusetts, we find the laurel-magnolia,\nor sweet-bay, with silky leaves and buds, and deliciously fragrant cream-white flowers. This\ncharming shrub seems to belong to the South, but has strangely strayed away, and made for itself\na cozy home on the "stern and rock-bound coast" of New England. This magnolia also grows in\nPennsylvania and Southern New York.\n\nBelonging to the same fair family is the tulip-tree, with large tulip-shaped flowers tinged\nwith yellow, orange, and green. These trees are found in rich soil in the Middle, Southern,\nand Western States.\n\nAnother wonderful plant of June is the large water-lily the Nelumbo luteum, or water-chinquepin.\nThis plant apparently belongs to the East Indies, and seems to be nearly related to the pink\nlotus, or sacred bean of India. The American species is rare, being found at but few places;\nbut Connecticut professes to possess it in the Connecticut River, near Lyme; and it is found\nin the Delaware River, near Philadelphia, at Woodstown and Swedesborough, New Jersey, and in\nseveral Western lakes. The leaves are circular, from one to two feet in diameter, and raised\nhigh above the water; the fragrant flowers are pale yellow; the seeds, sunk deeply in a receptacle,\nare as large as acorns.\n\nOur own beautiful white pond-lily is well known and well beloved; and few New-Englanders are\nunfamiliar with the serene ponds and still waters where the lily pods make a carpet on which\nrest the lovely heads of these delicious favorites.\n\nAt Sandwich and Barnstable, Massachusetts, and Kennebunk, Maine, are found lilies of a fine\nrose-color. The common cow-lily, as it is called, though not a beauty like its relatives, is\na pleasing variety, being of a rich yellow color.\n\nNext we come to the wonderful pitcher-plants, whose chosen homes are in the black mud of peat-bogs\nand swamps.\n\nThe one with which we are most familiar is favored not only with a botanical name of seven\nsyllables, but has the common names of side-saddle-flower, pitcher-plant, and hunter\'s-cup--all\nreferring more or less to the curious leaves, which are hollow, and shaped like little pitchers,\nand are always found partly filled with water. The flower, nodding on a tall stalk, is as singular\nas the leaves; it is of a deep reddish-purple color, the petals arching over a little green\numbrella in the centre, which covers the stamens. This striking and interesting plant may be\neasily found by any enterprising young botanist who is not afraid of mud and water, as it grows\nfrom Maine to Illinois and southward.\n\nAnother queer little dweller in bogs and swamps and wet meadows is the sundew, one species\nof which may be found in June, and others later. The leaves of this peculiar plant are covered\nwith fine reddish-brown hairs, or glands, which furnish small drops of fluid, glittering like\ndew-drops.\n\n', 'similarity': 0.9074704051017761}, {'text': '\ufeff"Don\'t be so flippant."\n\n"And don\'t you be so cryptic. What\'s Mrs. Rowley\'s cheerfulness done to you?"\n\n"I\'ll tell you how it happened," she said. "We met; \'twas at a tea, and first of all we talked\nabout committees."\n\n"Committees!" I said. "How glorious! Are there many?"\n\n"Yes," she said. "There\'s the old Relief Committee, and the Belgian Committee, and the Soldiers\'\nComforts\' Committee, and the Hospital Visitors\' Committee, and the Children\'s Meals\' Committee,\nand the Entertainments\' Committee and the----"\n\n"Enough," I said. "I will take the rest for granted. But isn\'t there a danger that with all\nthese committees----?"\n\n"I know," she said; "you\'re going to say something about overlapping."\n\n"Your insight," I said, "is wonderful. How did you know?"\n\n"I\'ve noticed," she said, "that when men form committees they always declare that there sha\'n\'t\nbe any overlapping, and then, according to their own account, they get to work and all overlap\nlike mad. Now we women don\'t worry about overlapping. Most of us don\'t know what it means--I\ndon\'t myself--but we appoint presidents and treasurers and secretaries, and then we go ahead\nand do things. If we were only left to ourselves we should never call a meeting of any committee\nafter we\'d once started it. It\'s the men who insist on committees meeting."\n\n"Yes, and on keeping them from breaking their rules."\n\n"What\'s the use of having committees if you can\'t break their silly old rules?"\n\n"Amiable anarchist," I said, "let us abandon committees and return to Mrs. Rowley."\n\n"Well," she said, "we soon got on to the War."\n\n"You might easily do that," I said. "The subject has its importance. What does Mrs. Rowley\nthink of it?"\n\n"Mrs. Rowley thinks it\'s all perfectly splendid. She hasn\'t the least doubt about anything.\nShe knows the uncle of a man whose cousin is in the War Office and often sees Lord KITCHENER\nin the corridors, and he\'s quite certain----"\n\n"Who? Lord KITCHENER?"\n\n"No, the uncle of the man whose cousin--he\'s quite certain the War will be over in our favour\nbefore next June, because there\'ll be a revolution in Potsdam and thousands of Germans are\nbeing killed in bread-riots every day, and lots of stuff of that sort."\n\n"I understand," I said. "You began to react against it."\n\n"Something of that kind. She was so terribly serene and so dreadfully over-confident that I\ngot contradictious and had to argue with her--simply couldn\'t restrain myself--and then she\nsaid she was sorry I was such a pessimist, and I said I wasn\'t, and here I am."\n\n"Yes," I said, "you are, and in a state of Cimmerian gloom, naturally enough. But you\'ve come\nto the right place--no, by Jove, now that I think of it you\'ve come to the wrong place, the\nvery wrongest place in the world."\n\n"How\'s that?"\n\n"Because I met old Captain Burstall out walking, and he was miserable about everything. According\nto him we haven\'t got a dog\'s chance anywhere. The Government\'s rotten, the Army\'s rotten,\nthe Navy\'s worse and the British Empire\'s going to be smashed up before Easter."\n\n"Captain Burstall\'s the man for my money. If I\'d only met him I should have been as cheerful\nas a lark."\n\n"And that," I said, "is exactly what I am, entirely owing to a natural spirit of contradiction.\nI just pulled myself together and countered him on every point."\n\n"I daresay you did it very well," she said; "but if you\'re as cock-a-hoop as you make out I\ndon\'t see how I\'m ever to get rid of my depression. I shall be starting to contradict you next."\n\n"Which," I said, "will be an entirely novel experience for both of us. But I\'ll tell you a\nbetter way; let\'s keep silent for ten minutes and simmer back to our usual condition of reasonable\nhopefulness."\n\n"I can\'t promise silence," she said, "but I\'ll back myself against the world as a simmerer."\n\nR. C. L.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nSHAKSPEARE to the Slackers:--\n\n    "Dishonour not your mothers; now attest." Henry V., Act III.,\n    Scene I.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nANOTHER AIR SCANDAL.\n\nIf ever I write a Hymn of Hate, or, at any rate, of resentment, it will not be about the Germans,\nbut about a certain type of Englishman whom I encounter far too often and shall never understand.\nThe Germans are now beyond any hymning, however fervent; they are, it is reassuring to think,\na class by themselves. But my man should be hymned, not because it will do him any good, but\nbecause it relieves my feelings.\n\nIt is really rather a curious case, for he might be quite a nice fellow and, I have little\ndoubt, often is; but he boasts and flaunts an inhuman insensibility that excites one\'s worst\npassions.\n\nWhat would you say was the quality or characteristic most to be desired in every member of\nour social common-wealth? Obviously there is only one reply to this question: that he should\nbe decently susceptible to draughts. If society is to go on, either we must all be so pachydermatous\nas to be able to disregard draughts, or we must feel them and act accordingly. There should\nnot be here and there a strange Ishmaelite creature whose delight it is to be played upon by\nboreal blasts. But there is. I meet him in the train, and the other day I hymned him.\n\nO thou (my hymn of dislike, of annoyance, of remonstrance began):--\n\n  O thou, the foe of comfort, heat,\n  O thou who hast the corner seat,\n  Facing the engine, as we say\n  (Although it is so far away,\n    And in between\n    So many coaches intervene,\n  The phrase partakes of foolishness);--\n  O thou who sittest there no less,\n  Keeping the window down\n  Though all the carriage frown,\n    Why dost thou so rejoice in air?\n  Not air that nourishes and braces,\n  Such as one finds in watering-places,\n    But air to chill a polar bear--\n  Malignant air at sixty miles an hour\n    That rakes the carriage fore and aft,\n  Wherein we cower;\n    Not air at all, but sheer revengeful draught!\n  How canst thou like it? Say! How canst thou do it?\n\n  Thou even read\'st a paper through it!\n\n  Know\'st thou no pain?\n    Sciatica or rheumatism\n    Leading to balm or sinapism?\n  Doth influenza pass thee by?\n  Hast never cold or bloodshot eye\n  Like ordinary Christian folk\n    Who sit in draughts against their will\n    And pray they\'ll not be ill?\n  Even in tunnels (this is past a joke)\n  Thou car\'st no rap\n  Nor, as a decent man would, pull\'st the strap,\n  But lett\'st the carriage fill with smoke\n  Till all but thou must choke.\n\n  Why art thou anti-social thus,\n  Why dost thou differ so from us?\n  Thou pig! thou hippopotamus!\n\nI don\'t pretend to be satisfied with these lines. They are not strong, not complete. Mr. JOYNSON-HICKS\nwould have done it more fittingly. Still they might do a little good somewhere, and every little\nhelps.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nOVERTIME.\n\n    "The evidence was that defendants employed six young persons for\n    more than seven days a week."--Provincial Paper.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n    "The organist played as opening voluntaries the \'Bridal March\'\n    from \'Lohengrin,\' Barnaby\'s \'Bridal March\' from \'Lohengrin,\' and\n    Barnaby\'s \'Bridal March.\'"\n\n    Provincial Paper.\n\nIt was evidently BARNABY\'s. Still, we think WAGNER might have been mentioned as his collaborator.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n    "In the current number of the Commonwealth Canon Scott Holland\n    in his own inimical manner endorses all that Mr. Carey has been\n    writing in our columns recently."\n\n    Clerical Paper.\n\nThe Canon appears to be one of those jolly people who slap you on the back as if they would\nknock you down.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nAT THE FRONT.\n\nOf recent days we have almost stopped pretending to be soldiers and owned up to being civilian\nlabourers lodged in the War zone. This is felt so acutely that several leading privates have\nquite discarded that absolute attribute of the infantryman, the rifle. They return from working\nparties completely unarmed, discover the fact with a mild and but half-regretful astonishment\nand report the circumstance to section-commanders as if they had lost one round of small arms\nammunition or the last cube from an iron ration.\n\nThe hobby of the civilian labourer is obstacle-racing. To do this you require a dark night,\nthe assistance of some Royal Engineers, an appointment just behind the front line with some\nsupervisor of labour whom you don\'t know and don\'t specially want to, and a four-mile stretch\nacross country to the rendezvous.\n\nYou start out at nightfall and do good time over the first hundred yards. The field consists\nof forty to eighty labourers, and one of the idle rich (formerly styled officers). At the hundred\nyards\' mark the Royal Engineers begin to come in. Obstacle 1 is a model trench, built for instructional\npurposes and now being turned to obstructional account. There\'s one place where you can get\non to the parades without swimming, and if we started by daylight we might strike it. We do\nnot start by daylight.\n\nBeyond the trench is a wire entanglement, also a fine specimen of early 1915 R.E. work. We\nmay note in passing the trip wire eight yards beyond. We\'re getting pretty good with it now,\nbut in our early days the R.E. used to get a lot of marks for it.\n\nYou go on towards a couple of moated hedges, whimsically barbed in odd spots, and emerge into\na park or open space leading into an unhealthy-looking road. It seems all plain sailing to\nthe road--unless you know the R.E., in which case you will not be surprised to find your neck\nnearly bisected by a horizontal wire designed to encourage telephonic communication.\n\nEventually you all reach an area known for some obscure reason--if for any at all--as "The\nBrigade." Here the R.E. have a new game waiting for you. We call it "Hunt the Shovels." You\nhave been instructed to draw shovels from the Brigade. The term covers a space of some thousand\nsquare metres intersected with hedges, bridges, rivers, dugouts, horseponds (natural and adventitious),\nany square metre of which may contain your shovels.\n\nIf you are not behind time so far this is where you drop a quarter of an hour. Of course you\nmay just get fed up and go home. But in that case you aren\'t allowed to play again, and as\na matter of fact the game is rather de rigueur out here. So you hide your party behind a sign-post,\nwhich tells you--if it were not too dark to read--INFANTRY MUST NOT HALT HERE, and then a lance-corporal\nwith a good nose for shovels looks through the more likely hiding-places. The search is rendered\npleasant as well as interesting by the fact that all the Brigade has been trodden into a morass\nby months of shovel-hunting.\n\nBeyond the Brigade the obstacles really begin. But if you use a revolver freely for wire-cutting\nand rope your party together--this prevents anyone sitting down by the wayside to take his\nboots off "because they draws that bad"--you will reach the rendezvous assigned to you within\nan hour of the time assigned to you. At this point you will learn that no guide has been seen\nor heard of there, and, subsequently, that the guide was warned for another square that certainly\nlooks very similar on the map. But again, if you know guides, you will guess that he went straight\nto the spot where the job was to be done without bothering about anything so intricate or superfluous\nas a rendezvous. Anyhow you will probably end by getting some sort of casual labour somewhere,\nsome time or other, and no questions asked so long as you don\'t inadvertently dig through from\na main drain into a C.O.\'s dugout.\n\n', 'similarity': 0.9051142334938049}, {'text': '\ufeff"My girl," Evellin would often say to Isabel, "the King must be re-instated on his throne,\nor England will fall from her rank among the nations. The standard of public morals must be\nreduced, the mode of thinking be changed, the very aspect of Englishmen undergo a revolution\nbefore the race of this upstart Despot can take root in this island. We have been accustomed\nto look up to our governors as great and good; at least they were surrounded by a blaze of\nancestry and dignity of manners congenial to our feelings of the prescriptive claims of hereditary\nrights. We must be all mercenary soldiers, wild fanatics, pensioned informers, or feudal serfs\ntoiling for daily bread, ere we can patiently endure this revolting system of jealousy and\nsuspicion--this cold, selfish scheme of trick and expedient. Astonishment and terror may awhile\nparalyze the national spirit; the remembered miseries of civil war may render the phantom of\npeace so alluring as to induce many to call a deleterious intoxication felicity. But unless\nCromwell can obliterate every record of what Englishmen were in past ages--unless he can make\nus forget the education, opinions, and hopes of our youth--the labours, sorrows, and wrongs\nof our riper years--his meanness and his crimes;--never--never can the British lion crouch\nat an Usurper\'s form, or the red-cross banner wave graceful over a traitor\'s head."\n\nColonel Evellin was roused from these agreeable reveries by a painful communication from Williams.\nThe means of access which the royalists now had to Cromwell\'s councils enabled them to discover\nthat the vigilance of Morgan had brought together so many charges against Dr. Beaumont, that\nthere seeming no chance of his escaping condemnation, it was resolved to bring him to trial.\nWilliams could not distinctly make out the crimes with which he was charged, except that he\nassisted the late and present King with money; that he used the Liturgy and Church ceremonies\nwith such slight alterations as did not prevent their continuing to be that "form of words"\nand "will-worship" which were forbidden to saints; added to this, he prayed for Charles Stewart;\nand further, there were secret counsels and mysterious contrivances in the family. A private\nchamber had also been found, which, it was evident, had been used for the purpose of concealing\nmalignants. The safety of the state required that these practices should be searched into,\nand that Dr. Beaumont should be tried for contumacy to the government.\n\nThis was all Williams could discover; but beside this open attack, there was a mine ready to\nbe sprung for the Doctor\'s destruction. Lord Bellingham had now lain several years in confinement.\nHis party was believed to be subdued, and his own reputation was so tarnished that he was become\nquite innoxious. Overtures were now made to him, that he should be restored to liberty, and\nto a part of his possessions; but it was hinted at the same time that it would show his acquiescence\nwith the existing government if he would take an active part against an atrocious royalist.\nThe sudden and mysterious disappearance of his son (of whom he had heard no tidings since the\nbattle of Preston) was mentioned; and it was soon understood that it was expected he should\nbring the charge of assassination against Dr. Beaumont, and thus remove all odium from Cromwell.\nSolitude and confinement had wrought no salutary change on this wretched man\'s disposition.\nHis prison-hours were occupied by regrets for the past, distaste at the present, and fears\nfor the future. His affections clung fondly to the wealth and title he had lost; nor could\nhis guilty soul disrobe itself "of those lendings" which vitiated its spiritual essence. If\nhe were again placed in Bellingham-Castle he would repent. He would then devote a large proportion\nof his dearly-purchased estate to charitable purposes; he would seek for Allan Neville and\nhis daughter; were they alive, he would make them happy, or at least place them in affluence;\nhe would erect a monument to the gallant Eustace; he would employ his future life in pious\nduties; in fine, if restored to the enjoyment of the unrighteous Mammon, he would use it in\nsecuring an everlasting inheritance. No angel whispered, "Begin the mighty labour now;" no\nrenovating change took place in his desires. The hour of contrition and repentance was deferred\nwith procrastinating insincerity. Can we then wonder that the man who, in his youth, sacrificed\nhonour and friendship to purchase worldly grandeur, should, in his age, again impawn his conscience\nfor liberty and ease? or that, though he had indeed often deplored the supposed necessity of\nmurdering Eustace Evellin, he should basely yield to become a Tyrant\'s instrument to cut off\nthat Eustace\'s uncle on a charge, which, from what he knew of the Doctor\'s conduct, bore improbability\nand ingratitude in its aspect. Let those who condemn Lord Bellingham beware how they yield\nto the first temptations of guilt. The emulation of an aspiring mind, unchecked by principle,\ndegenerated into envy, hatred, malice, injustice, falsehood, and cruelty. Love for a beautiful\nwoman was polluted by an insatiable craving to rise to the same sphere of life in which she\nmoved; and as it was her exterior loveliness, not her inward graces, that inflamed his desires,\nhe scrupled not to become the instrument of her bad passion; that "love might revel on the\ncouch of state," he performed actions which stamped ignominy on his name, and destroyed his\npeace for ever; and now, in the decline of life, though satiety had taught him the little value\nof all temporal enjoyments, his imagination clung to the dispersing shadows which even experience\nwould not convince him were only phantoms of happiness. Even while he wept the offences he\nhad committed, he yielded to the first temptation to repeat his crimes.\n\nOn the morning fixed for his trial, Dr. Beaumont exhibited an illustration of the scriptural\nprecept, by combining the wisdom of the serpent with the innocence of the dove. Serene, mild,\nthoughtful, acute, and penetrating, he was capable of using every fair occasion to elude his\nenemies, and was able also to submit to the will of Heaven, provided their malice should be\npermitted to triumph. He prepared Constantia for the worst, by assuring her that so many had\nunjustly suffered in these perturbed times that condemnation was no longer considered as an\nevidence of guilt. All the disgrace of a public death was removed by the justice of the cause\nto which he was ready to fall a martyr; and the mere circumstance of his dying as a malefactor\nought not to distress her, since, in the article of pain, he should endure much less; and the\nawakening trial of imprisonment had afforded him leisure to re-consider his ways, and make\nhis peace with God. This singular blessing had supplied the best uses of sickness, without\nits frequent attendant, bodily incapacity. He reminded her of his declining years. "My enemies,"\nsaid he, "can only rob me of the dregs of life. Death hath sent many of his forerunners by\nthe hand of time to inform me that my days are drawing to a close. It was my wish to be useful\nas long as I lived. The new government have done me the honour to think me dangerous. When\nthey immured me in a prison, I considered the loss of liberty as a quietus from my heavenly\nKing, dismissing me from active employments; and I have since endeavoured to improve myself\nin the practice of those passive virtues which are never enough prized by the world, and which\nare often painful rather than pleasant. I have endeavoured after the perfection of patience,\nhumility, and submission; but, my Constantia, I have only endeavoured, and have discovered\nso many unsubdued weaknesses, such a lingering fondness for what I must renounce, that I fear\nnothing but the cold chill of death will benumb those ardent affections which have often led\nme to lament (but, I trust, not to repine) that I was born in these unhappy times. To the last\nI must bemoan the degradation, and crimes of my country, that beloved England, whom, in the\nhumble sphere of a village-rector, I laboured to serve, by making all whom my counsels and\nexample could influence, faithful servants of their God and their King. I feel too the destitution\nof my family (here he faultered and turned aside his face)--principally thee, poor mourner,\ntenderly fostered in thine infancy, and, since then, the child of sorrow. Encourage me by thy\nfirmness, now I am on the eve of the most awful occurence of my life. Imitate the cheerful\nmagnanimity of Isabel. Let me not shudder at the thought of leaving thee a weak, heart-broken\nburden on those who can only pity thy distress; but let me have the comfort of hoping that\nthou wilt behave like a resigned Christian, who, art not so depressed by a sense of thy own\ngrief, as to be incapable of ministering to the woes of others. Allow me to think of thee as\none whose views are not bounded by the grave, and then I shall have no overwhelming terrors\nto distract my attention, or unfit me for improving every fair opportunity for my deliverance.\nBut, should the worst happen, remember, Constantia, I shall continue to exist. Putting on the\ngarment of immortality does not destroy identity. We shall still continue members of that large\nfamily of whom God is the head, the angels being his more exalted servants, and the infernal\nspirits potent rebels, who in vain labour to defeat his purposes. No event can remove us from\nthe superintendance of Providence; no distance of time or country, no difference of station\nor fortune, can hinder the glorified spirits of the faithful from meeting in the same paradise,\nand hearing the same joyful sentence of eternal beatitude. Whether the disembodied souls left\ntheir bodies in the north or in the south, they will all rejoice in the society of each other.\nThe spirits of the patriarchs of old, as well as of those who die to-day in the Lord, will\nmeet in one large community. Console thyself, therefore, with the thought of a future, joyful,\nand eternal re-union; and let that consolation be also an active precept, teaching thee so\nto order thy daily conversation as to complete thy fitness for that re-union."\n\n', 'similarity': 0.9009090065956116}, {'text': '\ufeff"Yes, that is so," said the manager, beaming.\n\nI leapt for joy. I had thought that there must be a catch somewhere.\n\n"Put me down for a hundred thousand," I said.\n\nThe manager nearly fell out of his swing-chair. "My dear Sir," he gasped, "have you any prospect\nof being able to save a hundred thousand during the next year or so?"\n\n"Am I a milk-dealer or a munition-worker?" I replied. "I should be both surprised and gratified\nif I saved that sum in a year. Still I might do it, you know. I should have to give up tobacco,\nof course. Or suppose relations hitherto unknown to me died and left me handsome legacies.\nYou are always seeing these things in the papers. \'Baker Inherits Half-Million From Lost Australian\nUncle.\'"\n\n"A hundred," amended the manager. "Shall we say a hundred? You need not pay a deposit. I\'ll\ngive you a form."\n\n"Where\'s your patriotism?" I demanded. "A hundred, you say? Well, I decline your overdraft.\nKeep your ill-gotten much-grudged gain. I\'ll pay cash."\n\nI left the bank sadly. I had thought of intimating to the blonde, brown and auburn beauties\nthat I had just put a hundred thousand in War Loan. I had imagined their eyes gleaming at the\nspectacle of one-tenth of a millionaire.\n\nAnd now I can\'t go to the bank again. At least not till I have worked up my balance a little\nabove its present total, namely £2 1s. 9d.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\nOUR BOOKING-OFFICE.\n\n(By Mr. Punch\'s Staff of Learned Clerks.)\n\nIf Wishes were Horses (HURST AND BLACKETT) is one of the most engaging novels that I have met\nfor some time. The matter of it, perhaps, is nothing very new: a story of expanding fortunes\nand contracting sympathies. But the writer, Countess BARCYNSKA, has, before all else, the inestimable\ngift of making you believe in her people. All the characters are vigorously alive. The result\nis that one follows with quite unusual interest the chequered career of her central figure,\nMartin Leffley, from his introduction as a frankly unpleasant youth, very red about the ears,\n"which was where he always blushed," to the final glimpse of him, titled, an M.P., and, incidentally,\na bowed and better man, purified by the wonderful devotion of Rose, the wife whom throughout\nthe tale he has bullied and undervalued. Nor is Rose herself, with her unwavering belief in\nher clay idol, a less memorable figure. Of the others, my chief affection went to Aunt Polly,\nthe kindly dealer in old clothes, who imagined the Savile to be a night club. But, as I say,\nthe whole cast is astonishingly real. Only once did I fear for the story, when it seemed as\nthough the machinations of a super-villainous M.P. were about to lead it astray into the paths\nof melodrama. But the danger proved to be brief, and the unexpected beauty and dignity of the\nclosing chapter would have redeemed a more serious lapse.\n\n       *       *       *       *       *\n\n', 'similarity': 0.900056004524231}, {'text': '\ufeffThe man she loved would not be shot like the wretched Bedouin, who was of no importance except\nto her for whom his life was given; but something would happen. He would be taken ill with\na strange disease, of which he would die after dreadful suffering; or at best his career would\nbe ruined; for the greatest of all marabouts was a man of immense influence. Because of his\nreligious vow to wear a mask always like a Touareg, none of the ruling race had ever seen the\nmarabout\'s features, yet his power was known far and wide--in Morocco; all along the caravan\nroute to Tombouctou; in the capital of the Touaregs; in Algiers; and even in Paris itself.\n\nShe reminded herself of these things, and at one moment her heart was like ice in her breast;\nbut at the next, it was like a ball of fire; and pulling out three long bright hairs from her\nhead, she twisted them round the cord which the carrier-pigeon had brought. Before tying it\nunder his wing again, she scattered more yellow seeds for the dove Imams, because she did not\nwant them to fly away until she was ready to let her messenger go. Thus there was the less\ndanger that the carrier-pigeon would be noticed. Only Noura, her negress, knew of him. Noura\nhad smuggled him into the Zaouïa, and she herself had trained him by giving him food that he\nliked, though his home was at Oued Tolga, the town.\n\nThe birds from the mosque had waited for their second supply, for the same programme had been\ncarried out many times before, and they had learned to expect it.\n\nWhen they finished scrambling for the grain which the white pigeon could afford to scorn, they\nfluttered back to the minaret, following a leader. But the carrier flew away straight and far,\nhis little body vanishing at last as if swallowed up in the gold of the sunset. For he went\nwest, towards the white domes of Oued Tolga.\n\nXXXIV\n\nStill the woman stood looking after the bird, but the sun had dropped behind the dunes, and\nshe no longer needed to shade her eyes with her hand. There was nothing more to expect till\nsunset to-morrow, when something might or might not happen. If no message came, then there\nwould be only dullness and stagnation until the day when the Moorish bath was sacredly kept\nfor the great ladies of the marabout\'s household. There were but two of these, yet they never\nwent to the bath together, nor had they ever met or spoken to one another. They were escorted\nto the bath by their attendants at different hours of the same day; and later their female\nservants were allowed to go, for no one but the women of the saintly house might use the baths\nthat day.\n\nThe woman on the white roof in the midst of the golden silence gazed towards the west, though\nshe looked for no event of interest; and her eyes fixed themselves mechanically upon a little\ncaravan which moved along the yellow sand like a procession of black insects. She was so accustomed\nto search the desert since the days, long ago, when she had actually hoped for friends to come\nand take her away, that she could differentiate objects at greater distances than one less\ntrained to observation. Hardly thinking of the caravan, she made out, nevertheless, that it\nconsisted of two camels, carrying bassourahs, a horse and Arab rider, a brown pack camel, and\na loaded mule, driven by two men who walked.\n\nThey had evidently come from Oued Tolga, or at least from that direction, therefore it was\nprobable that their destination was the Zaouïa; otherwise, as it was already late, they would\nhave stopped in the city all night. Of course, it was possible that they were on their way\nto the village, but it was a poor place, inhabited by very poor people, many of them freed\nNegroes, who worked in the oases and lived mostly upon dates. No caravans ever went out from\nthere, because no man, even the richest, owned more than one camel or donkey; and nobody came\nto stay, unless some son of the miserable hamlet, who had made a little money elsewhere, and\nreturned to see his relatives. But on the other hand, numerous caravans arrived at the Zaouïa\nof Oued Tolga, and hundreds of pilgrims from all parts of Islam were entertained as the marabout\'s\nguests, or as recipients of charity.\n\nDimly, as she detached her mind from the message she had sent, the woman began to wonder about\nthis caravan, because of the bassourahs, which meant that there were women among the travellers.\nThere were comparatively few women pilgrims to the Zaouïa, except invalids from the town of\nOued Tolga, or some Sahara encampment, who crawled on foot, or rode decrepit donkeys, hoping\nto be cured of ailments by the magic power of the marabout, the power of the Baraka. The woman\nwho watched had learned by this time not to expect European tourists. She had lived for eight\nyears in the Zaouïa, and not once had she seen from her roof a European, except a French government-official\nor two, and a few--a very few--French officers. Never had any European women come. Tourists\nwere usually satisfied with Touggourt, three or four days nearer civilisation. Women did not\ncare to undertake an immense and fatiguing journey among the most formidable dunes of the desert,\nwhere there was nothing but ascending and descending, day after day; where camels sometimes\nbroke their legs in the deep sand, winding along the fallen side of a mountainous dune, and\nwhere a horse often had to sit on his haunches, and slide with his rider down a sand precipice.\n\nShe herself had experienced all these difficulties, so long ago now that she had half forgotten\nhow she had hated them, and the fate to which they were leading her. But she did not blame\nother women for not coming to Oued Tolga.\n\nOccasionally some caïd or agha of the far south would bring his wife who was ill or childless\nto be blessed by the marabout; and in old days they had been introduced to the marabouta, but\nit was years now since she had been asked, or even allowed, to entertain strangers. She thought,\nwithout any active interest, as she looked at the nodding bassourahs, growing larger and larger,\nthat a chief was coming with his women, and that he would be disappointed to learn that the\nmarabout was away from home. It was rather odd that the stranger had not been told in the city,\nfor every one knew that the great man had gone a fortnight ago to the province of Oran. Several\ndays must pass before he could return, even if, for any reason, he came sooner than he was\nexpected. But it did not matter much to her, if there were to be visitors who would have the\npain of waiting. There was plenty of accommodation for guests, and there were many servants\nwhose special duty it was to care for strangers. She would not see the women in the bassourahs,\nnor hear of them unless some gossip reached her through the talk of the negresses.\n\nStill, as there was nothing else which she wished to do, she continued to watch the caravan.\n\nBy and by it passed out of sight, behind the rising ground on which the village huddled, with\nits crowding brown house-walls that narrowed towards the roofs. The woman almost forgot it,\nuntil it appeared again, to the left of the village, where palm logs had been laid in the river\nbed, making a kind of rough bridge, only covered when the river was in flood. It was certain\nnow that the travellers were coming to the Zaouïa.\n\nThe flame of the sunset had died, though clouds purple as pansies flowered in the west. The\ngold of the dunes paled to silver, and the desert grew sad, as if it mourned for a day that\nwould never live again. Far away, near Oued Tolga, where the white domes of the city and the\ngreen domes of the oasis palms all blended together in shadow, fires sprang up in the camps\nof nomads, like signals of danger.\n\nThe woman on the roof shivered. The chill of the coming night cooled her excitement. She was\nafraid of the future, and the sadness which had fallen upon the desert was cold in her heart.\nThe caravan was not far from the gate of the Zaouïa, but she was tired of watching it. She\nturned and went down the narrow stairs that led to her rooms, and to the little garden where\nthe fragrance of orange blossoms was too sweet.\n\nXXXV\n\nThe caravan stopped in front of the Zaouïa gate. There were great iron doors in a high wall\nof toub, which was not much darker in colour than the deep gold of the desert sand; and because\nit was after sunset the doors were closed.\n\nOne of the Negroes knocked, and called out something inarticulate and guttural in a loud voice.\n\nAlmost at once the gate opened, and a shadowy figure hovered inside. A name was announced,\nwhich was instantly shouted to a person unseen, and a great chattering began in the dusk. Men\nran out, and one or two kissed the hand of the rider on the white horse. They explained volubly\nthat the lord was away, but the newcomer checked them as soon as he could, saying that he had\nheard the news in the city. He had with him ladies, one a relative of his own, another who\nwas connected with the great lord himself, and they must be entertained as the lord would wish,\nwere he not absent.\n\nThe gates, or doors, of iron were thrown wide open, and the little procession entered a huge\nopen court. On one side was accommodation for many animals, as in a caravanserai, with a narrow\nroof sheltering thirty or forty stalls; and here the two white meharis were made to kneel,\nthat the women might descend from their bassourahs. There were three, all veiled, but the arms\nof one were bare and very brown. She moved stiffly, as if cramped by sitting for a long time\nin one position; nevertheless, she supported her companion, whose bassour she had shared. The\ntwo Soudanese Negroes remained in this court with their animals, which the servants of the\nZaouïa, began helping them to unload; but the master of the expedition, with the two ladies\nof his party and Fafann, was now obliged to walk. Several men of the Zaouïa acted as their\nguides, gesticulating with great respect, but lowering their eyelids, and appearing not to\nsee the women.\n\nThey passed through another court, very large, though not so immense as the first, for no animals\nwere kept there. Instead of stalls for camels and horses, there were roughly built rooms for\npilgrims of the poorer class, with little, roofless, open-sided kitchens, where they could\ncook their own food. Beyond was the third court, with lodging for more important persons, and\nthen the travellers were led through a labyrinth of corridors, some roofed with palm branches,\nothers open to the air, and still more covered in with the toub blocks of which the walls were\nbuilt. Along the sides were crumbling benches of stucco, on which old men lay rolled up in\ntheir burnouses; or here and there a door of rotting palm wood hung half open, giving a glimpse\ninto a small, dim court, duskily red with the fire of cooking in an open-air kitchen. From\nbehind these doors came faint sounds of chanting, and spicy smells of burning wood and boiling\npeppers. It was like passing through a subterranean village; and little dark children, squatting\nin doorways, or flattening their bodies against palm trunks which supported palm roofs, or\nflitting ahead of the strangers, in the thick, musky scented twilight, were like shadowy gnomes.\n\nBy and by, as the newcomers penetrated farther into the mysterious labyrinth of the vast Zaouïa,\nthe corridors and courts became less ruined in appearance. The walls were whitewashed; the\npalm-wood doors were roughly carved and painted in bright colours, which could be seen by the\nflicker of lamps set high in little niches. Each tunnel-like passage had a carved archway at\nthe end, and at last they entered one which was closed in with beautiful doors of wrought iron.\n\nThrough the rich network they could see into a court where everything glimmered white in moonlight.\nThey had come to the court of the mosque, which had on one side an entrance to the private\nhouse of the marabout, the great Sidi El Hadj Mohammed ben Abd-el-Kader.\n\n        *        *        *        *        *        *        *\n\n"Lella Saïda, oh light of the young moon, if it please thee, thou hast two guests come from\nvery far off," announced an old negress to the woman who had been looking out over the golden\nsilence of the desert.\n\nIt was an hour since she had come down from the roof, and having eaten a little bread, with\nsoup, she lay on a divan writing in a small book. Several tall copper lamps with open-work\ncopper shades, jewelled and fringed with coloured glass, gave a soft and beautiful light to\nthe room. It had pure white walls, round which, close to the ceiling, ran a frieze of Arab\nlettering, red, and black, and gold. The doors and window-blinds and little cupboards were\nof cedar, so thickly inlaid with mother-o\'-pearl, that only dark lines of the wood defined\nthe white patterning of leaves and flowers.\n\nThe woman had thrown off the blue drapery that had covered her head, and her auburn hair glittered\nin the light of the lamp by which she wrote. She looked up, vexed.\n\n"Thou knowest, Noura, that for years I have received no guests," she said, in a dialect of\nthe Soudan, in which most Saharian mistresses of Negro servants learn to talk. "I can see no\none. The master would not permit me to do so, even if I wished it, which I do not."\n\n"Pardon, loveliest lady. But this is another matter. A friend of our lord brings these visitors\nto thee. One is kin of his. She seeks to be healed of a malady, by the power of the Baraka.\nBut the other is a Roumia."\n\nThe wife of the great marabout shut the book in which she had been writing, and her mind travelled\nquickly to the sender of the carrier-pigeon. A European woman, the first who had ever come\nto the Zaouïa in eight years! It must be that she had a message from him. Somehow he had contrived\nthis visit. She dared ask no more questions.\n\n"I will see these ladies," she said. "Let them come to me here."\n\n"Already the old one is resting in the guest-house," answered the negress. "She has her own\nservant, and she asks to see thee no earlier than to-morrow, when she has rested, and is able\nto pay thee her respects. It is the other, the young Roumia, who begs to speak with thee to-night."\n\nThe wife of the marabout was more certain than ever that her visitor must come from the sender\nof the pigeon. She was glad of an excuse to talk with his messenger alone, without waiting.\n\n"Go fetch her," she directed. "And when thou hast brought her to the door I shall no longer\nneed thee, Noura."\n\nHer heart was beating fast. She dreaded some final decision, or the need to make a decision,\nyet she knew that she would be bitterly disappointed if, after all, the European woman were\nnot what she thought. She shut up the diary in which she wrote each night, and opening one\nof the wall cupboards near her divan, she put it away on a shelf, where there were many other\nsmall volumes, a dozen perhaps. They contained the history of her life during the last nine\nyears, since unhappiness had isolated her, and made it necessary to her peace of mind, almost\nto her sanity, to have a confidant. She closed the inlaid doors of the cupboard, and locked\nthem with a key which hung from a ribbon inside her dress.\n\nSuch a precaution was hardly needed, since the writing was all in English, and she had recorded\nthe events of the last few weeks cautiously and cryptically. Not a soul in the marabout\'s house\ncould read English, except the marabout himself; and it was seldom he honoured her with a visit.\nNevertheless, it had become a habit to lock up the books, and she found a secretive pleasure in it.\n\nShe had only time to slip the ribbon back into her breast, and sit down stiffly on the divan,\nwhen the door was opened again by Noura.\n\n"O Lella Saïda, I have brought the Roumia," the negress announced.\n\nA slim figure in Arab dress came into the room, unfastening a white veil with fingers that\ntrembled with impatience. The door shut softly. Noura had obeyed instructions.\n\nXXXVI\n\nFor ten years Victoria had been waiting for this moment, dreaming of it at night, picturing\nit by day. Now it had come.\n\nThere was Saidee standing before her, found at last. Saidee, well and safe, and lovely as ever,\nhardly changed in feature, and yet--there was something strange about her, something which\nstopped the joyous beating of the girl\'s heart. It was almost as if she had died and come to\nHeaven, to find that Heaven was not Heaven at all, but a cold place of fear.\n\nShe was shocked at the impression, blaming herself. Surely Saidee did not know her yet, that\nwas all; or the surprise was too great. She wished she had sent word by the negress. Though\nthat would have seemed banal, it would have been better than to see the blank look on Saidee\'s\nface, a look which froze her into a marble statue. But it was too late now. The only thing\nleft was to make the best of a bad beginning.\n\n"Oh, darling!" Victoria cried. "Have I frightened you? Dearest--my beautiful one, it\'s your\nlittle sister. All these years I\'ve been waiting--waiting to find a way. You knew I would come\nsome day, didn\'t you?"\n\nTears poured down her face. She tried to believe they were tears of joy, such as she had often\nthought to shed at sight of Saidee. She had been sure that she could not keep them back, and\nthat she would not try. They should have been sweet as summer rain, but they burned her eyes\nand her cheeks as they fell. Saidee was silent. The girl held out her arms, running a step\nor two, then, faltering, she let her arms fall. They felt heavy and stiff, as if they had been\nturned to wood. Saidee did not move. There was an expression of dismay, even of fear on her face.\n\n"You don\'t know me!" Victoria said chokingly. "I\'ve grown up, and I must seem like a different\nperson--but I\'m just the same, truly. I\'ve loved you so, always. You\'ll get used to seeing\nme changed. You--you don\'t think I\'m somebody else pretending to be Victoria, do you? I can\ntell you all the things we used to do and say. I haven\'t forgotten one. Oh, Saidee, dearest,\nI\'ve come such a long way to find you. Do be glad to see me--do!"\n\nHer voice broke. She put out her hands pleadingly--the childish hands that had seemed pathetically\npretty to Stephen Knight.\n\nA look of intense concentration darkened Saidee\'s eyes. She appeared to question herself, to\nask her intelligence what was best to do. Then the tense lines of her face softened. She forced\nherself to smile, and leaning towards Victoria, clasped the slim white figure in her arms,\nholding it tightly, in silence. But over the girl\'s shoulder, her eyes still seemed to search\nan answer to their question.\n\nWhen she had had time to control her voice and expression, she spoke, releasing her sister,\ntaking the wistful face between her hands, and gazing at it earnestly. Then she kissed lips\nand cheeks.\n\n"Victoria!" she murmured. "Victoria! I\'m not dreaming you?"\n\n"No, no, darling," the girl answered, more hopefully. "No wonder you\'re dazed. This--finding\nyou, I mean--has been the object of my life, ever since your letters stopped coming, and I\nbegan to feel I\'d lost you. That\'s why I can\'t realize your being struck dumb with the surprise\nof it. Somehow, I\'ve always felt you\'d be expecting me. Weren\'t you? Didn\'t you know I\'d come\nwhen I could?"\n\nSaidee shook her head, looking with extraordinary, almost feverish, interest at the younger\ngirl, taking in every detail of feature and complexion, all the exquisite outlines of extreme\nyouth, which she had lost.\n\n"No," she said slowly. "I thought I was dead to the world. I didn\'t think it would be possible\nfor anyone to find me, even you."\n\n"But--you are glad--now I\'m here?" Victoria faltered.\n\n"Of course," Saidee answered unhesitatingly. "I\'m delighted--enchanted--for my own sake. If\nI\'m frightened, if you think me strange--farouche--it\'s because I\'m so surprised, and because--can\nyou believe it?--this is the first time I\'ve spoken English with any human being for nine years--perhaps\nmore. I almost forget--it seems a century. I talk to myself--so as not to forget. And every\nnight I write down what has happened, or rather what I\'ve thought, because things hardly ever\ndo happen here. The words don\'t come easily. They sound so odd in my own ears. And then--there\'s\nanother reason why I\'m afraid. It\'s on your account. I\'d better tell you. It wouldn\'t be fair\nnot to tell. I--how are you going to get away again?"\n\nShe almost whispered the last words, and spoke them as if she were ashamed. But she watched\nthe girl\'s face anxiously.\n\nVictoria slipped a protecting arm round her waist. "We are going away together, dearest," she\nsaid. "Unless you\'re too happy and contented. But, my Saidee--you don\'t look contented."\n\nSaidee flushed faintly. "You mean--I look old--haggard?"\n\n"No--no!" the girl protested. "Not that. You\'ve hardly changed at all, except--oh, I hardly\nknow how to put it in words. It\'s your expression. You look sad--tired of the things around you."\n\n"I am tired of the things around me," Saidee said. "Often I\'ve felt like a dead body in a grave\nwith no hope of even a resurrection. What were those lines of Christina Rossetti\'s I used to\nsay over to myself at first, while it still seemed worth while to revolt? Some one was buried,\nhad been buried for years, yet could think and feel, and cry out against the doom of lying\n\'under this marble stone, forgotten, alone.\' Doesn\'t it sound agonizing--desperate? It just\nsuited me. But now--now----"\n\n"Are things better? Are you happier?" Victoria clasped her sister passionately.\n\n"No. Only I\'m past caring so much. If you\'ve come here, Babe, to take me away, it\'s no use.\nI may as well tell you now. This is prison. And you must escape, yourself, before the gaoler\ncomes back, or it will be a life-sentence for you, too."\n\nIt warmed Victoria\'s heart that her sister should call her "Babe"--the old pet name which brought\nthe past back so vividly, that her eyes filled again with tears.\n\n"You shall not be kept in prison!" she exclaimed. "It\'s monstrous--horrible! I was afraid it\nwould be like this. That\'s why I had to wait and make plenty of money. Dearest, I\'m rich. Everything\'s\nfor you. You taught me to dance, and it\'s by dancing I\'ve earned such a lot--almost a fortune.\nSo you see, it\'s yours. I\'ve got enough to bribe Cassim to let you go, if he likes money, and\nisn\'t kind to you. Because, if he isn\'t kind, it must be a sign he doesn\'t love you, really."\n\nSaidee laughed, a very bitter laugh. "He does like money. And he doesn\'t like me at all--any more."\n\n"Then--" Victoria\'s face brightened--"then he will take the ten thousand dollars I\'ve brought,\nand he\'ll let you go away with me."\n\n"Ten thousand dollars!" Saidee laughed again. "Do you know who Cassim--as you call him--is?"\n\nThe girl looked puzzled. "Who he is?"\n\n"I see you don\'t know. The secret\'s been kept from you, somehow, by his friend who brought\nyou here. You\'ll tell me how you came; but first I\'ll answer your question. The Cassim ben\nHalim you knew, has been dead for eight years."\n\n"They told me so in Algiers. But--do you mean--have you married again?"\n\n', 'similarity': 0.9010258913040161}]
- Similarité : 0.90

